Brave little chimp
Our dog being dramatic when mom leaves for work 😂
Cat Discovers Tail Makes Perfect Toy
This little shit is so stingy!
A dog played with a lighter and Lighted up building in the process...
Look at this jackass, blocking the road!!
Too cute to be mad at....
She broke the mirror, and came back to gloat in my face.
Spaghetti is hard
A total sheep shot
I got the chair first!
The perfect headlock
No time for games
Oh you just folded these?
Bully new one
When the boss asks why I've been inactive for an hour
I still love you but you don’t care..
Cat assaults coyote
Angry Crab Wants to Kill You
Jackie Shaun the Sheep
He always wants to sit where the cat is sitting
Shhh, only dreams now...
Shhh, only dreams now...
Africa's smallest cat is also the world's deadliest. 😼
I’m just gonna go ahead and sit here
Shhh, only dreams now...
An Ant Stealing Diamond
"Stay in there!"
🤦‍♀️ [Picture]
Dangerous hippo chomps mans leg
No, it's mine!
Classic Animal Jerk: Gary the Hornet
Just.. No..
Oh I’m sorry, was this your spot?
Poor cat
This little thief steals glasses off my face then has temper tantrums
Owl showing the cat who's king of the couch
This jerk has her own water but will only drink mine.
Poko is not too happy about the new kitten
Monkey Wants Some Pussy!!!
This parasite is a jerk... (I'm sorry you had to see this lol)
I wish my legs could be longer...
When you don’t have kids so you get your cats all the presents
Bear-y cruel, bro
Watch out guys, we're dealing with a badass over here
An attempt at a selfie was made
The nurses let Henry see Nona for Christmas and he spent the entire day on her lap
The best bro Ive ever had. 13 years of an incredible friendship and you helped me get through so many tough times. Rest In Peace old friend.
"What is it?"
Pupper demonstrating one of Newton’s laws of physics
Karate cow in Paraguay
Attempted murder
a true jerk and he knows it
How the heck am I meant to study
Didn't get to the door in time to let him out, this is how my dog expressed his dissatisfaction with me
Apparently cats make good beds
Cat walked across the cement.
Monkey feels up bystander (x-post r/NotSteveIrwin)
Jerk move.
cat help me
Taking the crew for a ride
That'll teach you
cat's happiness
Let me sleeeeeeep
Feeding a squirrel.
mother's heart
Angry bunny is hangry
Angry doggo.
Reminds me of when the Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell in a Cell
Devastating tackle.
Zero fucks were given here.
Nah, back off.
Monkey upskirt
Leave Us Alone
Me, “please don’t sit there”... “suck an egg!” - the cat
A 4yr (ongoing?) battle with birds! - Imgur
We'll show those milk squirters a thing or two! GET'EM BOYS!
Let's give raccoon a marshmallow...
 more minutes!
A provocative Gorilla, Like a kid
Human I said no to pets
Just like taking candy from a baby
This stupid cat trying to peel the skin off my arm.
Panda destroys snow man
Now where the hell did I put it?!
me irl
Big doggo
I don't understand why why so cheeky
You came to the wrong cage, kitty!
Every single morning this little shit sprints into my bathroom to mess up the rug, today I caught her in the act. This is the face of no re…
Who’s a good boy! .....right you are.
Unwanted guests at front door
Gorilla says "back off"
Jerk cat lording over dogs ball. Jerk dog using butt attack.
Doesn’t share well
Surprise! Hey Friend, where'd you go?
Sharing is caring ❤
Who did this?
Heeelllllp Meeee I’m being eaten by a duvet
There's One At Every Potluck
Snooze buddies.
A group of Thieves
When a fan sees his idol in the streets
Mom, mum, ma, momma, mom, mom, mom, mum, ma, momma, mom....pay attention to me! - At Frog Hollow Farm Sanctuary
My cat just loves doing this to my hand every time I try to pet him...
Drink more
Wow，the lobster has just hit this guy!
Our elderly cat is a asshole...
Fuck you and your camera.
I’m servicing you! Ungrateful ....
When you try to apologize to your girlfriend
Pillow:0 Puppy:1
This little shit threw a walnut seed at me this afternoon.
Excuse Me
These crows kindly helping with turf maintenance
Duke doesn’t like things in his pool...the duck ended up being ok
Kupo sleep where she wants, Kupo pls.
Why eat expensive kitten food when I can dive into the trashcan(20X)?
Restaurant closed due to Bear shenanigans.
"Yeah I got yer dog. Whatcha gonna do about it?"
A group of thieves
Domestic argument between kangaroos
When hooman leaves her croissant out, kitty pounces
I have the high ground
Friends
Dog throws up on boys buttcrack. Steps back and admires his work.
When Your Patience Ends
Give me that!
My Skateboard!
have a kiss baby,oh, no, no, no....
Pure jerks ... urgh Milo got horny as I told them off last year
What did you say?
No you cant clean me!
Shut up, mom!
That deception!
The little jerk stole my spot in bed at 2am and I had nowhere else to go.
This is just weird.
Ouch
He won't actually eat it, but he will lick the whole damn thing.
My cat likes to leave me little gifts in my boot
I'll just take that... Don't mind me.
My dog trying to persuade me with her face after eating a decoration
Cock blocker
Hallo ,from the other side!
What a way to escalate a fight
Hermione just wanted to take a nap but Merlin is a jerk.
Big brother is over it.
Kitten vs Duckling MMA Bout
Hey You Little Devil Come Here
This dog is more than a jerk
My little devil baby 😈
Bird drops snake bomb on videographer
Oh, I thought you were poop
Cats are jerks
Nice to meet you? Not!
Imgur GIF
Our cat blocks the stairs to get some attention
Go away dumb human!
He sneaks up just to push him in the tub
Doggo doesn’t give a fuck
She only drinks water from her foot. And then makes the dog wait his turn.
My dog opted to get in a fight with a burr seed bush lost.
The walrus slap
This prick, every... God... Damn... Time!!!
A bad dog
This prick, every god damn time! I just want to wash the towels
That’s not how you poop!
Don't you fucking touch my kid.
When a seal hits you with a dead octopus, you know u bad
R.I.P. doggo
A seal slapped kayaker in The face With an octopus
A dog peeing on the other dog
Murphy and his love interest ... meanwhile they don’t give a crap about waking up the cranky teenager.
Just a typical day with a lab
The ultimate showdown
"Hey let's poke our noses like that! Isn't if fun?!" "NO!"
Seal sneak slaps kayaker with octopus
[NSFW] When you can't hunt but still fuck.
Raccoon tearing up sod in my back yard
Tangled dogs are hard to untangle
Neighborhood cat wouldn't let my gf park. (Sorry for poor quality)
Girl and the pigeon
No really its fine I was pretty much done anyway
Monkey being a jerk...literally speaking.
Toddler vs pigeon: Chinese kid steals food from pigeon’s beak
Seal slaps man with an octopus
Surfer gets slapped in the face
backyard brawl
Work puppy decided my desk looked dry.
No U
Seal slaps kayaker in the face with octopus
Training the normally jerky Australian magpie to be a nice
Why, I oughtta....
dog: get out，this is my mom
Seal: Why? I'm leaving..
Blood over food.
Food > Human
Did he deserve it?
Where is my morning coffee bitch!
Okay dog therapists and dog psychologists of Reddit... why?
Boop.
our clinic cats are very interesting specimens
Welcome home hooman!
Brother and Sisterly love
i need to pee
I wanted to sleep, but I guess she doesn't want me to.
My roommates cat is being creepy as hell LOL
Just why?
Sweep the feet!
 cats 1 jerk
Two crows teasing a squirrel
I'm going to claw your face off in 3...2...
Sirius: "Love me!" Remus: "Mom can't pet you if I'm chewing on your face!" Shiloh: "Oh HAI!"
“Stay out of my bag, mom!”
This cat is a jerk.
The fine line between animalsbeingbros and animalsbeingjerks.
Biting for like no reason at all!
Even when the laptop is off it’s apparently the only place she can sit in the house
that’s my fucking friends
The monkey has no patience
Tiger mauls Dog
Jax! I need those!
When your cat is sponsored by Nike
Bro It ain't worth it
Dad not gibbon a fk!
Thought he was being suspiciously quite.
This jerk stealing my cat’s food
Can you please stop doing that !
You might think the fur ball pictured resembles a cat. However, this is a jerk. One that refuses to accept that my body pillow belongs to m…
Oh you’re filming!! I was just grooming her ear. Outta here, bye!
Just leave me alone....
What did the hand say to the face?
Cupboard cat is watching you pee.
Cats do not come to play
slap slap slap
Why can't you be cute like all the other kitties?
Oh, you think your plants are safe?
My co-worker's new rescue isn't very happy in her new home
inborn artist
Monkey feels, monkey does... [NSFW]
A masterclass of being a jerk presented to you by my cat, teasing the two West Highland Terriers stuck inside.
Is this a good messed up material?
Not sure if he even feels remorse.
Cat's reaction to dog farting in his sleep.
This gobbling asshole walked up to my car at a stop sign where I couldn't see if I would hit him and started playing peekaboo
No sleeping allowed!
every morning i make my bed, and every day after i leave he unmakes it to get underneath the covers. today i caught him.
Sweet Revenge
Oh that smell!!!
My car won’t start because some squirrels were being jerks!
Oooh, spare seat!
She owns my remotes.
Bad squirrel
This little devil decided to run off with my pop tart and then mean mug me when I chased her down and got it out of her mouth.
Cat Samples Fresh Calamari
Let's get you on camera with your new kitty.
Do you love me ?
This neezus. She decided to chew a remote and cost me $2000. Don’t be fooled by the cuteness.
Slowly the vampire return rabbit.
No, all the palm tree barks belong to me.
Dog beds were a great investment...
Give me pets hooman.
At the scene of the crime
Thanks for the fur asshole!
Cobra chicken torments baby elephant
She chewed the end off of my weapon
Pretend to be dead
No, that's not where it goes.
IRL Angry Birds
Mike Tyson of the dog tennis world. She let go when he started crying.
The cat stole my bed again!
“I’m too old for this sh*t”
Oh, you wanted to cook?
This jerk at the dog park thinking the communal water bowl is his own private oasis
Jake makes a mess, Reddington is not happy with him
you sir, got caught
I just watched the end of Marley and Me and had to give him a cuddle and tell him I love him...even though I catch him doing things like th…
Damnit Karen
It's ok. I didn't want an ice cream anyway.
No, no, you stay in your cage little human.
My dog decided to poop right next to the kitten that moved into our garage. I think it killed her.
Black cat's feelings about grey cat's new best friend
Cat vs Puppy Round 1
Trying to get some attention like...
Now he's happy.
I will just take a seat right here(original from r/youseeingthis)
This squirrel at Tokyo Zoo... all day long...
Stranger danger!
This Cat is a Jerk
Not perfect for swimming.
Poor dog
Man vs. Goose
He laid on the other bone so she couldn't have it.
This Pickle is Mine
Hissy fit.
Well that's very rude.
Why though?
Caught up. Hitting the spot Jesus?
That's not a toy, baby!!
Jerks by birth.
Sharing is ca...
Gotta knock her down for.. reasons.
This rude dog makes them both fall
She was going to get a post on r/aww this morning, now she’s here....
Adding salt to the wound
Bad roommates
He is still trying to figure out who is
C'mon, Rover, look out the other window.
"KARREN stoph!"
Was left in my room for an hour and didn’t even touch her toy...
The monkey has no patience
a cat king
Stop slapping me every time I try and eat
Dog tries to resist licking ice-cream.
“Get a puppy” they said... “it will be fun” they said...
He took his bed
Audubon Zoo, pinkies being jerks!
Just wanna get right up in there...
If Murphy gets his wish and eats this float his poop is going to look like a Casper mattress coming out of the box
This squirrel is a jerk. He does every day
This idiot dragged me in the water AND tried to hit me in the head with a stick
My cat, laying on the best pillow he could find
My cat loves me
Testing your new drone in the house.
Caught knocking over my last struggling seedling. Didn't seem to care in the slightest and just hid for a second under his own fluffy mane.
My rodents run to their grandparents and try to make me jealous when they don’t get their way....... they’re clearly ridiculously spoiled.
"Stop sniffing around!"
Frank being a jerk
Guess I don’t need to sweep under the couch today
My cat pretended it fell down the stairs, for sympathy!
Taking up the entire pillow just to ignore me. Feat. Fluffy butt in the background
The older cat does not appreciate this
Nana nana boo boo stick ur head in doo do-not hurt me please
Didn't give him a chance to get off first
The Cat is King
Steamrolled
Trash panda busts in house eats all the bread and takes off.
Poor Muffins just wanted to clean him.
I think she wants to strangle me ! 😂😂
I was home early today...
Smh 他妈的猫
You should have a CAT - Funniest cat ever!
Are they fighting or trying to mate?
We love each other
The Proletari-cat has been oppressed once more...
The way her legs go out
Wonder why my controller smells like cat butt.
When you try to touch your cat
No sharing in this family
Give me some water hooman, nvm, I’ll get it myself
Give me some water human
Getting into pumpkin season...he's not sorry
"I was trying to show her what she did to me and she didn't care"
i wasnt working on homework or anything just take a seat buddy
Took her with me to be among the first people in the continental US to see the sunrise (Acadia National Park)....wouldn't look.
Learn to walk already, jeeze
To heck with your glasses
No more YouTube for you!
“Don’t let garbage replace wildlife.”
I simply must rub my face on your clean clothes.
“WHAT? What are you looking at?!”
The spot he chose to sit.
A short one
A raccoon steals cat food.
Bird attempts to guillotine his "friend".
I guess every other spot in the house was taken.
fucking dog，don't get close to me
Cormorants being ass. Translation on comments.
Feed me or die
You splash me I splash you
Inconsiderate B O I
My husky ruining my parents bed
BARK!!!BARK! BARK!!
Remember when Grandma use to give you kisses and pinch your cheeks? My cat gives kisses and then BITES cheeks
There you go
...
Seasei hitcat running the gauntlet
A cat that smirks
M O N CH
"nah, Ma, you don't need notes to pass college"
Everyday we find new presents left by our squirrel friends right after we’ve cleaned up their previous mess.
Big doggo burglarises little doggo
It’s not that time of the month and he’s a boy. Bad B O Y E Bubs.
Cat just felt like being a jerk
Literally the worst fetcher
We need to have a talk about boundaries.
Not like we were trying to clean or anything.
Do you HAVE to stand on the puzzle while I'm doing it??
this little shit didn't move
The perfect crime.
Cat exercising being Jerk
YOU SHALL NOT PASS (your classes)
My dog punk’d me hard
Shark Shits All Over Divers
No remorse
"Ooo, can I taste?"
Cat in Bristol brings home bag of suspected Class A drugs
Dog chews the fender of a Porsche 911 Turbo.
That's MY treat!
My doodle likes to slap toads. Oof
I tried to capture a beautiful moment between my cats, but since they're both assholes it didn't turn out quite as expected...
white shark tries to nom on fisherman
So you want to get a good picture huh...
Mine!
This goose is crazy
Kungfu Panda
I am unimpressed with your size. Or the fact that I’m a girl.
"I'm cuter!" - "No, you're not. I am!" - "No, I am!"
*Middle School flashback intensifies*
Personally I don’t think he did it
I think this is the correct subreddit for my cat
"Oh, can I taste?"
Get out of my way - baby
My cat has attachment issues. She follows me EVERYWHERE. After this she just sat in the sink and meowed until I got out of my “peaceful” ba…
Your not a mole, your a cat
Cuddle stealer.
disrespectful fox
I literally left her alone for 5 minutes
And out of nowhere
Thanks mate, just what I needed
National Aquarium of the New Zealand Announced the Best Penguin of the Month
I guess I’ll just fail my test then.
You win this time, birds...
two fucking jerks
I guess I was done with that...
Best co-op I’ve ever seen
Guess I no longer own those slippers...
But I'm afraid of heights!
Cat doesn't like fingers. (own video)
GET THE F*CK OFF HUMAN!!!!!
Turned out to be mistaken !!!
I guess I’ll just fail my test then.
Sea pupper with attitude
Right in the middle of a scary, climatic scene. I had to get up and move him. Twice.
Surprise ass eating
My mom sent me a photo of my cat who has taken over the dog bed. The dog wasn’t amused.
dog：don't let me sleep, I will bury you
Bought my little buddy a present and once again ditches me all afternoon
Jackpot!
Moms pug opened the car windows during the car wash.
I am dead
Jerk but also a bro
This is why I can't have nice things
Yeah, so proud that you killed that snake 😲
Mine
"No, it looks better this way"
boss cat! very funny
Moved the cat tree next to the tank but he still insists on scratching up the stand this way
Clearly, my cat almost starved to death last night while I was asleep. That’s the last time I leave the treats on the counter. And no, she’…
Let me sleep
A seagull takes his snack
He’s been up on top of the counters all night meowing his head off
Walked into the living room. Found this...
That slap
When the cat is already provoke
Doesn’t even care
Cats are such sassy dicks.
My cat had a playdate, but the neighbor’s kitty ate the treats that he himself had brought over as a goodwill present. (Look at my cat’s di…
He just wanted to dig in peace
Only one of them is aware of the jerkiness.
Here fishy fishy...
“Damn I did that? I’ll do it again bitch!”
Grump
🙀👍
These cockatoos showing ZERO sensitivity
That time a seagull slapped me and took my lunch
Was told this belonged here as well.
When your dog is mad at you
Pie rolled right on harvey and kicked him in the face
The slap
Stealing a treat — animal justice!
Kangaroo being a jerk
I DON'T WANT TO BE RESCUED
Bella the cat regularly steals laundry from neighbors
Just stealing the kitten's food, no big deal
A monkey thief
A brutal fight in the house
Trying to steal a treat
Just gonna go out for a walk , what could go wrong?
This guy wants to fight somebody
Finally caught this on camera. Our cat wakes us up in the morning by ringing the bell on his doll.
Alien doggo invades and commences takeover
Cat drinking my damn water 😒
Here’s our two rescue pups taking a break from getting in trouble.
I’ll take that
Small Dog Gets Big Dog Off The Couch
Sheep Dog
This seal judging me like an in-law.
MY spot!
Offensive Fowl
Parrot trapped on roof keeps telling fire crew to fuck off
Cat Fight!
Cat Fight
I love you Mr. Bubbs
I buy them a bed and this is what they do.
This kamikaze chipmunk
Iron Slug
Dog farts in bed, cat responds
"I'm not your mother," the dog said
relationships..
"What mess?... Oh, this one?"
My dog's daughter bullies her into staying inside when going for a walk
When you think you're having a crappy day...
Cat chasing doggo
She’ll keep doing this until I share
Guess who it is
“What you gonna do about it?”
Dog: No offense
Just picked her up from the pound at 12 at night for climbing someone’s roof....
No more brushing!
This is MY doorway
This little guy had a big journey
“No way! The hoomans ordered breakfast for us!”
Hunter is trying to burn down the house.
Running for my life with this badass kitty (I told him he was bad, guess he didn’t like it that much) 🔈
Goat jumping on that pig
My one-eyed dog likes to sit on my chest with her ass in my face while I’m laying in bed.
My doggo got too excited when we arrived at the dog park that she got her rope caught on my neck and burned me as she ran out of the car
Thanks, man.
This peacock could've just gone about its business..
I'm not edible!
No Gaming!
when you see a badguy on the road
I Can’t Adult Today. Please Don’t Make Me Adult.
train of the mouse
"What are you... hello, hello, help!"
What would you do if you saw this creature chilling on your bed in a 4* hotel?
Artist bird drops his latest piece
Giving her new brother a warm welcome
Time for a nice stretch...
“I’m actually going to read a book in bed for once and chill.” Dogs:
“Wow, Joe, really wow. How about eat this shit for yourself, stupid human?”
Groundhog：get out，you fucking dog
Lover of dirty tricks
Get a rabbit they said they make great pets they said
He wouldn’t eat the hot dog I gave him because it had ketchup and mustard on it
He doesn´t even care
Mustang hits a bicyclist
The dog won't let up on that bikini
A Narcissistic Narwhal
man：let me study!
He's just big boned
He knows exactly what he wants
EXTREME CORGI!
When you're on a diet...
ur drink? my drink.
Mean cats stay in the box
it didn't move
I don’t remember packing a cat in this zipper box with the clean winter clothes.....
Busy in yoga
Near death experience - western diamondback "Intense clip"
So I asked my mom how the dogs were doing back home.....
My Kitten Miles is so cute... and deadly!
Psst! Let me tell you a secret... You're not that good of a boy!
This kookaburra wakes us up every morning by pounding our window
Smack down
My cat sits in the doorway to stop by dog from going inside
Right in your face
 wins to you, 1 to me, so suck it
My cat has two settings...
dentist of dogs is a monkey
Assault with a deadly tail
Sure I’ll just buy a new bike seat
My new kitten is a little shit
"Play this disc for me, jackass"
"I was just trying to make a blanket fort."
Personal Space Issues
This cat totally wrecking it's opponent in a face off
MOM GET THE FRICKING CAMERA
[deleted by user]
Stay Away Hooman
That's what you call a Boss! Lol!!
Traffic jam
dog thug life
He attacc again
" A birb cam through the window i swares"
I think we should break up
This cat keeping a poor dog on a short leash.
😂
that smirk
which animals live in underground and why animal come on surfthe?
So my parrot ate away almost half of his food bowl, starting on the next one
Just trying to survive
My water! No share!
My girlfriend told me to try Yoga. This is what happens every time.
He attacc
one year later ))
My both kids are teenagers and i suppose to enjoy my time alone.... now i feel like im having two toddlers always following me..
My happy dog Mac snoring up a storm
Left my glasses on HER counter while trying to have a bath....
#FireAlarmRat Pulls Alarm at DC Condo, Forcing Out Residents
Not hungry, just checking it out!
This Post Is Mine
When your little brother wants to play but you are 10/10 not a fan (end of video)
Shacky cat rides deer without a saddle
Giving a shower to its kid
it's a robbery
Learning to love
Epic barnyard battle
Who really needs paperclips after all?
I SAID NO PICTURES!
wait！wait！i surrender！
Pupper no share cookie!
Even the Fish think he's a Jerk! [OC]
Well, that escalated quickly 😂😂😂
Never turn your back in a fight
Who needs enemies when you’re friends are so helpful?
That's more accurate
Cat attack’s beautiful husky hilarious
My cats a big bully.
Lines up the punt
My girlfriend's friend's cat puts her hairties in the food and water bowls.
Sibling Rivalry
Damnnn son
I initally thought this male goat was fighting this tiny piglet and their mamma over food and then realized - he's just a rapey bastard😐
My parents neighbors rooster jumps the fence in the morning every day to wake everyone up
a little accident
View from rear helmet cam
Oh look birds!
My cat got into a bathroom drawer and pushed it out so it blocked the door. Here is a shot through the hole I had to cut in the door so I c…
Dog Steals Owners Weed!
I said.. no pictures!!
I get up for 10 seconds and this is what happens
Rat Pulls Fire Alarm, Ruins Everyone's Day
Rat finds a new way to ruin everyone's day
Cats are hard to impress
So that's why I get a mouthful of fur every time I dry my face
Newly adopted dog already stating whose top dog
Partners in crime. Cat got in kitchen cabinet knocked sauce out, dog cleaned up. (I didn't clean at all, pic was taken right after I awoke)
“Get that veggie shit outta my face”
Butters ate my box, he has no regrets.
Let me get on you!
A good boy never forgets
Why can’t weeee be friends?
Screw your fucking trick...
That jerk jumped on me right after I took that photo.
Doggos 😂
Cruel cat infringes upon personal space.
They’re best friends! (Don’t worry, my puppy is okay, they’re roughhousing!)
This little shit and her sister are obsessed with the toilet while I'm still sitting on it.
Ungrateful little shit
Lil bros gonna lil bro
That was my water
I was just trying to take a photo of the sunset.
Reunion between our puppy and my husband after a hospital stay, interrupted by our kitten being a jerk.
Reunion between our puppy and my husband after a hospital stay, interrupted by our kitten being a jerk.
Crying 😂 >> Credit: @weareplanet (Instagram)
Meet Marvin, he follows me everywhere.. even places I don’t want.
Your vigilance is a joke to me! A scandalous sham!
"Nobody wants to see this, Sharon."
Happy Birthday
When you just aren't getting enough attention
You no love me no more? Hello?
Can’t tell in this picture but the elephant on top pushes the other elephant under water.
Why, just why!?
You have a £100 cat tree and you’d rather sit on peoples head.
Judgmental pupper
Typical
You can’t teach this. Just a god given talent.
A springer spaniel that’s scared of feathers!
Taste test
My two birds at 1am
Zero clucks given
Not Even Hungry
🤣
When your pig gets stuck in the brand new duck house because there is a faint smell of food forcing you to absolutely destroy the duck hous…
Even you can’t stand someone so their mere existence pisses you off
Cat Attack
Evil Demon Refuses To Surrender Covers [Sound on]
Watch till end
Camel Riding
Hmm...this warm lump makes a nice pilllow
Burger and Fries - The most. PISSED OFF. cat. in history.
They were up for a full 10 minutes. This is why we can't have nice things.
Those are flower pots... Not poop pots.
Puppy being a jerk, without even knowing it!
Husky Bully Flooves
Slightly creepy gif
This penguin would not stop giving me the eye at the zoo the other day
#JustDoIt
Is this her seat or her sister?
I think this cat has a drinking problem
White moose doesn't like robot lawnmower
We don’t do that here
She brings me toys in the morning, sometimes he takes them
Trash panda will take yo shit!
Genius.
I swear she's not always like this!
He ran out from the vet’s clinic while he has an open wound on his face. Vet found him after12 hours of searching on her attic at 4 in the …
I’ll just sit right here...
That's a bad kitty!
No writing!
Jerk Bird.
Bird being a jerk.
This animal is being a jerk (Quiet funny)
"jerk" just doesn't cut it
"Jerk" just doesn't cut it
Cat attack
A dog who doesn't want to go home.
Squirrel made a home in the hood and destroyed the air filter.
Catpic before disaster
Forced Hug
Kitty getting destroyed
My dog sat on my Xbox controller when I turned around and, well, I am now the proud owner of Farming Simulator 17.
I said be STILL so I can lick your butt
It's real
Showing remorse after swallowing mom's engagement ring
Cat gave a powerful punch
Hard to get
Dog hiding from bath
Drink this
Just want i want to see when i wake up
gladiators fighting in the coliseum (artist’s rendition)
savage attack of an aussie
I have heaps of work to do and he keeps running across the keyboard and batting the mouse around. What a jerk.
This sheep is being a jerk
Cat scares other cat into pool.
Playing Dead
Let me just bathe myself while you enjoy your show
A random neighborhood cat gave left us a unpleasent present. (He was waiting by it when I got home)
I am superior to you cat, I shall sit on your head.
I just wanted a kiss
I’ll just sit here
She comes up to him and asks for it
Corgi is angry at cabbage
I love cats and I find this hilarious but it's also a tad jerky.
We were having a nice moment...
I just cleaned the couch and fluffed the pillows. I don’t think she cares.
My little pet dragon, what should i name him?
Yen being a jerk and trying to scare off Gomez, her not-so-secret admirer
My dog after I tell her not to go in the water because I just gave her a bath.
Been here for 2 hours now. I NEED TO PEE!
where is the pliers on the right
Help! Need video of pets behaving badly for public service project. See comment for details.
Nope, wasnt gonna reuse that plate, Rae, go ahead and put your butt on it.
Archie the thief, steals stuff to annoy his owner
Can... Can I have some blanket?
I SAAAAAID WAKE THE F UP, HELEN!
Dog's Business
Old farmer cat gets his spot challenged by the new one
Toilet paper ? what toilet paper
Take me home, I take your bed. Any problems?
Alaskan Malamute doesn't like when owner touches her paws and fights him!
I whittled a wooden hand to just try and give Conan a belly rub.
Crab gets revenge
C’mon let’s not waste time [NSFW]
Full head chomp.
I think that might be a flight hazard.
Stealing from the forbidden jar
Apparently he doesn’t like to be bothered
My dog being a jerk and shredding his dog bed into confetti.
What goes around comes around
Just gonna pull all these fur out
Not appropriate on a first date!
Birds bullying a cat
Rabbits have some cat-like tendencies too apparently.
Still sleeps on the dining table after I built him a cat condo...
Crow says fuck you
Glad he appreciates fresh drinking water
There was a bug in the window.
Not remotely sorry
Does it count if they're both the same kind of jerk? The each steal the other girl's bed when she's not looking.
Charlie is an asshole, and he is aware of it.
fight with cat
Get this bird-feeder they say, it's Squirrel-Proof they say...
This asshole needed MORE room to look out...
One badass dog..,
For some reason cats love to hide 'into' cars. Unable to get out, tho.
Doggo Ate Dad’s Door
Lobsters fighting over fish
Throwing a tantrum because we told her we were leaving the dog beach
Beat it nerd!
poddle：boss, calm down
Bird takes cats food.
My dog trying to sound fierce lol
There’s always one that has to ruin every else’s fun
Momma bunny ain’t taking none of that
The little dog wanted a belly rub, but the bigger one wanted something to lay her head on.
r/AnimalsBeingJerks official chat room
What the hell you're doing jerks
Just a little nibble
Just listen meeeeeeeeeeeee
You know there’s a mischief occurring when they’re all in one place at the same time and give you this look!
Kitty finds a jumping friend
strolling around the city at night my friend suddenly screamed as something bit her, followed by a screeching sound, looked down and saw th…
Your cat brings you to the jungle
Dog has no chill when watering the grass
Rambo before and after calling him a good boy.
Goats are so friendly
Hazel always sits and lays on Willow
WTF?!
Jerk bear attacking the people who liberated him after being liberated
My childhood pet parrot Sweetie. She still gives zero fucks
How I look when I give someone the MIDDLE FINGER
My friend's dog gets embarrassed whenever he farts and it's hilarious
No Leo, please. Have as much as you want.
You take my balls, I get yours
When my girls know they have stolen something they’re not supposed to have, they head to the side of the house where we can’t see them. Thi…
Thanks, Sadie. I was hoping to tip and break my neck.
Naughty dog of the year award goes to.....
My cat routinely steals my hair elastics. I found out she just stashes them under the stove
Was trying to make a wreath with some wild grasses until this jerk decided to make my life misery
Hidden Cams Revealed What Animals Do When They Are Alone
Air combat
You don’t belong here
He finally caught that rabbit
Brother and sister fight over toy
Two flamingos having a disagreement
Dogs don't let dad throw out the Christmas tree.
Swordfish attacks a diver at 221mt of depth
Poor dog loses her head from vicious boxer......
Ox going for a ride
My dog is sad because she wants my spot on the bed.
Impossible to build a chair around here
Don't mind me!
Nice doggo
Do that one more time, and this outlet is toast!
Big dog waiting patiently for his stolen bone
Hamburgers are good
Onward, noble steed!
We have this saying “where two fight the third one wins” There might not have been just two but the rat certainly won
Ouch
Kizzy has gotten into the habit of stealing the dog’s wet food. She used to just get the scraps but now she tries to eat all of it before t…
Best seat in the house
Oops !!
David Attenborough attacked by bird
Omg! He so cute 😍🐶
Bear celebrates being released back into the wild by being a wild bear
Beware of Dogdy Tradesman
How dare you!
Trying to make the bed.
My skateboard!
Hooman Weak, Birb Stronk
The cat takes a bath.
A monk’s manuscript that got urinated on by a cat.
I guess they are married
Oh, I see you're trying to play a game. It would be a shame if someone were to...sit on it...
No better seat in the house than directly on top of her sister
Thinks he’s got game...? Sounds like he has plenty of it.
Pup kicks cleaning lady out of the house
Doggo carries hose around the house
Cat being a cat.
Divers Stumble Across A Monster From The Deep On A New Zealand Beach
Eat grass, cloud boy!
Be CAWtious
Touch the fishy
Arr!!!
Mom lost the battle.
Battle of the Apes
Outsider bird being a jerk.
That's a weird looking keycap puller
Crashing the party.
Where should I....ah, perfect.
Pervy Dog
Where's the money Lebowski ?!?
Real Life Tom!!!
Finally a dog standing up for what's his
MOM! Open the door please!
Boundaries mate
Monkey play with Rooster
Shit happens
First he’s sour, then he’s sweet
Big good boi
No skating today either
Attack mode E N G A G E D (I pet her the wrong way accidentally, so now she’s holding a grudge)
Obstacle coarse? What's that?
"Can I play?" "NO! My toy!"
Bird knocking over his obstacle course.
Today bought new toy. 😅
What IS that?
Bath time
Unnecessary delivery.
STOP IT
Bear tried breaking into my dads truck last night. Left some huge claw marks
Brotherly love?
Merry Christmas!
NO STRAWBERRY FOR YOU!
I think my cat got mad at me for... giving him a scratching post?
That look she gives...is when my cat demands I roll up her catnip before we hit the studio...#rappingcat #goldchain #furbaby #bosslady #pre…
I guess I’m sleeping on the couch again
Oh, you won’t give me a treat? Fine, I’ll get it myself.
So I Figured Out Why I Keep Losing Things Placed On My Nightstand
My cat [muffin] is from Shaloin Temple
Woke up to this little thief eating my lunch. You think he cared?
I'm Watching You!!
My sister tried to take a picture because her German Shepard was begging. Rookie mistake.
Were you going to use this bag?
I have to deal with this jerk every night
Cattitudes...
He got fed up with his new little sister stealing his favorite sleeping spot
Cat + Dogs + Left out chicken?
This is a butt heater right?
Just out of reach.
No skating today
Mr. Man was in my backyard one day. He doesn’t want to leave my backyard lol.
LONG LIVE THE KING
Roommate bought a new accent rug. Her dog immediately stole it.
MY CAT IS MISSING. This is for anyone living in South East London, UK.
Being rude to a friend over eating emergency food.
This is assault.
Kubo’s favorite spot to lay down.
Ducklings roost inside their food bowl so no one else can eat
It was at this moment.. I knew.. I f*cked up!
Monkey hits kid with mini motorcycle
we're getting dirty either way
This little jerk scared the shit out of me.
Sneak attack head butt
The anger, the fear, the anger...
Knife Dog Doin' an Attempted Murder!
Deer eats prize winning roses
Hold on.. one more package
Rude turtle
Ultimate
Bait him with meat
Don't Mess With Me Dog !!!
Probably no other animal has walked through history in quite the fashion that the cat did, leaving paw prints across the pages of ancient t…
Funny Dogs Cats Amazing Animals Compilation #2
A dog's footprint on an ancient Sumerian tablet that wasn't dry
Doggo uses owner for landing of jump.
Whenever I make the bed (the lump under the sheet is the cat).
Smooth Criminal
Tryna deliver parcels and this dude shows up... only in New Zealand
After weeks in its cocoon, the caterpillar is now a butterfly and ready to be released
Gimme, gimme, gimme! I don't want it anymore...
Don’t sniff at me!
Giant Turtles making love at the zoo
why
The day our new carpet cleaner arrives Zoë decides red just isn’t her color...notice the paws
Lustful dolphin causes bathing ban on French beach
Even ancient animals liked to step on wet bricks. Found on r/damnthatsinteresting
Don't work hard, work smart
"And the problem is....??"
Finders keepers
Lmao remind me of lion king 🦁
Funny Dogs Cats Amazing Animals Compilation #1
The one duck who has to stand in the food
Stop Playing With It
Nope this is my spot find your own kid
Tit for Tat, Splish for Splash
Orca wrecking ball
Just had to get dirty right after his bath
Break it up boys!
Just horsing around
Out of nowhere
I Don’t know how my cat managed to climb there, but I was sure he would eventually find a way to jump down
Please help! Lost dog
Sleeping on my stomach is the most comfortable thing ever
Well Played Bro
Albino Moose Vs. Lawn Mower Robot
Loves the mud
Construction workers get ducked.
Litter angels
Not on my box!
Not a Bear in driveway, but this is why your mail is between your doors
“Don’t touch me.”
This cat has nowhere else to be.
It’s the grin that kills me
“Grrr! My toy! No touching allowed!” - Aria 🐱😅 Watch with sound if possible! Such a fierce girl!
Bought it for him to be outside, freaks out in it unless it's in the house.
"duck you, man"
This is my house.... Goodbye!
No take, only throw!
Selfie attempt... got bit instead...
The way this wasp took my sausage
Let's take the Kitty on a drive!
Being smaller doesn’t seem to stop her from trying to murder me.
"You think you can just slap me and walk away? Nah uh brother."
Hooman, you're letting her do this?!
You can't stop!!!
The way this wasp took my sausage
That creepy giraffe
Someone recommended I show you guys this... My smart pup is teaching my not so smart pup to be a Jerk
Bear shows its appreciation for freedom
So I tried to pull the book to me, but....
Baby Elephant Vs. Goose Epic Battle.
Wrestling cats
Beat it fish breath!
Squeak king
Only in australia
Guess I can’t read in bed
Sock thief.
give it to me and go away
Oh you just cleaned my tank? Let me just step in my calcium and walk around! (Crosspost r/leopardgeckos)
What did I ever do to you?
Rebel doggo
Our drake chases our pup any time she goes outside
Sat there the whole night and judged my drinking habits
Octopus Squirts Tourist
In honor of national dog day!!
Odin put both the balls just out of Sparky's range.
Judging you for not making it to Coachella this year.
My cat judging me from afar.
Dogs can be assholes too.
Dolphin thievery
when cat notices i'm in w.c. without him....
This seems comfortable
Whatever don’t mess with a cat
Cat attempts to monopolize drinking straw, despite not being able to use it properly
My gentle and affectionate kitten :) It's time to feed !
Is your Apple Waterproof?
Panda cub interrupts his mother’s meal (x-post /r/bettereveryloop)
You know they planned it
You slapping me? I'mjustgonna roll away then
🦆
Cat happened upon my textbook while I was taking notes.
She thinks we cant see her eyeing the new fish tank
She’ll literally eat anything, but no, oh no, not parsley, the one thing that might help her hot stinky breath.
Monkey is playing with tigers
You got too much hair.. But I’ll take care if that
Spent all evening looking for him.
Really glad I got my dog a new bed.
My daughter trying to learn the ways of the cat.
The goat has a point. It’s his time to take the trash out!
Swordfish spears diver's oxygen tank
I meant to do that
Mr. Rogers won’t take no crap
Petting = #1..... Studying = #2
Cats
"Where's my money, man?" Better have my money next time I see you."
Swordfish spears diver's oxygen tank
My dog has her ups and downs...
Tried to pet that kitty. I was bleeding after that.
Let me just film this bird
Looking online to adopt a new pet. Seems like Pumpkin would fit in here.
Lemme just annoy these dogs and see what happens
Bewilderded Kitty
Slapped and Rolled
White Elk doesn't want to be disturbed stealing apples.
Get out of the couch already mittens.
That's a real son
All the time..
Found a cat plotting genocide
Stop wasting my time
Dog steals horse
Hitduck strikes from out of nowhere (x-post from r/hitmanimals)
This not a sharing meal
When work is finished....
PREPARE FOR GLORY!! The beast is outnumbered!
Letting all the heat out
Duck strikes from out of nowhere.
Cat knocks out seal
Did I overdo it? 😬
Trying to push a feral cat off your lap
Dog drags the garden hose inside the house
Animals kicking the shit out of humans
Wonder who destroyed the toilet paper?
“Begone, sea dog! Go back from whence you came!”
I think this belongs here
Toughening up for the Springtime Offensive.
My beauty . She is very docile and tender cat.
She took my sock. I hid the sock. She found a second sock.
It's bath time
Ready.Set.Cat
Guinea has apparently had enough of the Pygmy goat's shit
This jerk trying to escape
She always hogs the bed as soon as it’s empty.
Deb can’t control herself around Chex mix.
Fuck your driveway
My cat hates television frogs, apparently
Get a puppy they said...
Window cleaner came and now need to clean the inside
Why did the chicken cross the pavement?
Two pals hanging out.... oh wait cats a dick!
Ow, ow, ow....oh ok....ow!!! Just let me love you!! My cat = full time predator mode
C'mon let's go noodle dog
Sneak Attack
3 times he stole the other's chip. He had his own every time too.
I gave this good boy my old work boots, so he don’t have to keep stealing them off the back porch.
Well, I was going to put the dough for cookies there....
When my dog gets sick of my shit
My cat is very fond of sitting in the sink for hours. Strange behavior?
I totally agree!!!
Yorkie vs Royal Mail
Oh youuuuu
Surprise!
Last night we brushed all the webs, for a third time, from our patio camera. Leaving for work this morning.... -.-
Deer hops fence and charges at barking dog
Stop sleeping.
Multiple startles from this bullying tortoise!
We told him we're going to the vet and ...
Almost
This shiba giving the lady a bit of a fight
When your younger brother played with u..
Our Border Heeler won’t stop stealing our Pug mix’s bed.
Look at this absolute madman
GF is house sitting. The curtains weren’t like that when the owners left...
Welcome to Australia, Target Locked!
Watch till the end. My friends cat doesn’t like her high disturbed. Also...never touch her catnip☠️. 🎶Sound On🎶
She’s never peed on my bed EVER until I splurged and spent $60 on sheets
He wants you to trip on him
No I won’t friend u
How dare you prep for the upcoming school year when I’m so cute
Oh, I'm sorry, You wanted to record?
Birb doesn’t approve of his origami imitation.
Hello, would you be interested in lily pad insurance?
One horny bull
When you try to rake in that good karma and nature has other plans.
Put a blanket on the bed for laundry day to keep dog hair to a minimum😐
How my cat wakes me up in the morning.
Rude sea lion
Two doggos trying to sync up
Some clever title about cats monopolizing attention.
Hello McFly
This is how fishes fight
Ant fight spills over to innocent gecko bystander
When your bird is an asshole but you love him
Three against one
Fuck your photography
Hey! Chicken!?
What's your problem cat?
Hmm. Felt like this was a good fit here.
Get away from my sunflower seeds!!!
Doggo works as a teacher snd brainwashes people
Dirty move made by the crow.
Who made this mess?
He will probably goose you
“Do you wanna go to the..... vet?”
This peaceful day on the ocean.
Our new kitten is still figuring out his boundaries and what he can and can’t jump on.... sorry about the angle, I was laughing really hard
And I thought Alzheimer was the only thing my grandpa was fighting against [OC]
Hamster escapes cage during journey and now is slowly destroying new car.
Fuck off!
Cat versus catsnake.
Say nothing and they can't prove who did it
I'm a pet portrait artist and someone commissioned this, I thought it was appropriate for this group...
take that
Turtle wants to crack some nuts
Kitten the Cute
Ok ok hooman I’ll stop
Kitten vs dogs
Giving me a nice choking
Sacrifices must be made for maximum comfort during a nap.
Whale soaks a boat full of people.
That’s My food
Cyclists heaven.
Sylvester!! Just drop Tweety Bird and this can all go away.
Funny dog
Hardcore pigeon fighting part 1
Orca whale in captivity still finds a way to hunt.
Wait for it
‘’Sylvester! Just drop Tweety Bird and all this can go away!’’
Of all times to fetch the deck
The Peanut Butter Crusher
That damned smile
Let me fix the bed for you...
lotsa slaps
Cat & Food - It’s Cat Food!
It’s just a plank bro
There’s a time and a place for pantsing your BFF
Grand theft pupper.
One of my four dogs sent the cat a message.
Watch where you park your car
This is my lake!
They way of getting photos
Man fights monkey that was wrecking his bike
Come on mate I've gotta go to work
Bye bye screen
Saw this as I was walking up the porch.
My turn, your turn
This little guy was a major distraction. Not sure how he got in!
I don't care of hooman, I sleep when and where I want
I don't care, i sleep where and when I want
Ghost yells at me for more wet food all day
Me: can I move my leg plz? Cat: nope
Stretch legs according to the coverlet.
When you need to shave mats out of your cats fur
Vicious wild dog brazenly pouncing on defenseless mouse
Hamster hijacking the running wheel
Out of the way, son!
MINE
Excuse me I need attention pls
Oh this kitty litter is so soft compared to normal!
"Yeah Look At My Balls"
I’m scared of my cat sometimes
This was so savage and sad at the same time.
My dog has an ongoing rivalry with a local cat... Cat tried to sneak up on her this morning and it didn’t go too well for him.
Dissatisfied with simply demanding the most expensive food, Buddy decided to cut out the middleman and just eat my money directly.
Whenever i try to sleep with my cat this happens...
"True Life: My Hoomans Call Me Casey" S01E03
Im submerged
At least it’s not crooked anymore...
F*** Your Concrete
Ducking jerk.
Don’t let his face fool ya, he enjoyed every second of destroying that pillow
Frank thinks everything is his...
Haha you got scared
Hey I am here for food only.
My dog totally taking out my kid a few years back
Can You Please Stop?
My cat should have been named Jean Valjean
There can be only one.
One more time Karen how do you spell bird
Jack I’ll never let go!
Title
Dont Eat My Butt
Tiger is so modest
That’s MY BAG!
Let Me Fix That For You.
Clyde attempts to launch his sister Bonnie off the top of a rocking chair
“I ate a pound of chicken while my Dad was gone for 10 minutes”-Scooter Brown
Turtles being jerks
"Give up, John! You can't even make a coffee right!"
... WHY?
Morning face.
Just a relaxing afternoon on the sofa...
Just a relaxing afternoon on the sofa...
Dammit, Pete!
Please, Help Me Get Off The Street!
The cats tucked themselves into bed, so we had to sleep on the couch
of all the places you choose to sit...
Smart honey badger finds ways to escape every enclosure that is made for him.
No twerking in my watch!
What's up with dogs doing that?
If he really barked like this, then I’d be scared😂
Just have a cig and look out window
Turd cat lurks in the Guinea pig cage waiting to cat slap
Wampcat Meow!
Raccoon robbing a girl in a kayak.
No twerking in my watch!
love hate relationship
My horse didnt want me to steal his limelight in the selfie
She's not even sorry
Jurassic World, The Fallen Kingdom
"The dog did it" - cat, probably
Most Canadian bears ever
Cats are at it again. I cant be bothered
Kill, kill, kill
He is the king of the road
"Piss off, mate" - Australian Possum refuses to share.
Just wanted to lay next to his friend
I am a jerk
Caught this at a museum in Charleston SC:
My dog will sit and watch me eat, I’ll give in and offer him a little bit of food, apparently not good enough for him as he always drops ev…
Most patient cat in the world.
Entitled cats make me so mad
Tried to get a nice picture scuba diving in Cuba. Fish had other ideas
Sike!
Penguin won’t leave a seagull alone.
I mean go away
Octopussy
Raccoon robbing a girl in a kayak.
Oh, you cleaned my bed? Thanks. This piece of paper is much better.
cats
Shocking footage of zebra trying to kill a smallone 😔
I think my cat is trying to kill my boyfriend..
“This is in my sleeping area”
My birb likes to eat my TrackPoint
Trying to spill a non spill bowl
I thought this need to be here
I give mom the stink eye whenever she says it’s time to get off her lap
Casey, you've left your mark on my heart along with a mark on every piece of furniture in the house. I miss you so much! Late night shout o…
She watched my husband wipe down all the kitchen cupboards, then proceeded to sneeze all on this one.
Bye Baby
You like snow? Here's a face full
This is my couch!
Bruce!! Bad bunny.
She watched my husband wipe down all the cupboard doors, then sneezed all over this one.
Loafy the pug does not believe in personal space !!
My birds are jerks
R.I.P. my Lil Dino get that mockingbird in heaven. ( Rat Terriers Rock)
He's 2, 120 lbs and house trained. He got into the garbage and this happened. I came home to this.
I don't think he likes his bed.
When you come back from the bathroom and your best friends became best friends
Someone lost a bone under the couch, I don't think she could reach it from underneath... Reddit, meet Casey!
Trying to work...
No, you fetch it.
Out of my way slowpoke
She also likes to rest her paw on my the straw of the cup I keep by my bed...
A sneaky one
The quickest way for them to learn is by throwing them in He deep end.
When you can sit anywhere you want but choose to sit on top if your BFF
Dare to spray me?
Firefighter tries to rescue Jessie the parrot, she tells him to fuck off
Ah, you’re sleeping? Let me just sit on you for a while
You said you “loved” your food
That sneakiness going down in the bottom right.
Cat Repellent Doesn’t Work
Oh yeah? Well take that!
where did it go
Wild Turkey being a jerk!
Bad shark, bad, bad!
Where did you go?!
Holly Molly
Cat attacks human out of jealousy for new present
Ready, set, fuck you I win.
Seasoned inmates testing out the new kid.
Evil parrot pushes budgie down
Fish Neighbors Fighting Over Respect!
Damn chicken.
This is what happens when you play board games with a cat...
Head stuck in the cookie jar.
My kid tormenting the cat until he finally gets his
Cloudy with a chance of pestilence
Bird interupts weather broadcast
Oh you think teasing me with a bandanna is funny, Sarah? Well take that!
no toucha the mouse
No Respect
Get out of my way
When you try to give the weather forecast
Milk a bull they said, it’ll be fun they said.
Just Trying to get some milk
A goose full of provocation.
He didn't pay for the Ride
One creates the distraction while the other nabs the goods.
Cruel cat fight
The parrot flirted with the dog.
'You’re Taking Too Long, Goodbye’
A puma been too confortable home and lazy.
That dog has the patience of a saint.
Sneaky Hedgehog waited for the perfect moment to strike. He’s all good despite the air time.
Dog: I object to this marriage~!!!!
Ha! Look at you and your metal cage
Apologetic badboye
maybe this dog run too fast....
Give me now!
A crow fueling a fight between two cats.
Seagull being a bro, eagle being a jerk. Let him go, man!
He’s taking advantage of my long legs 😠
Man saves emaciated pit bull weighing 24Ibs – transformation is incredible
Exactly what you expected.
Cats always cheat.
Don’t eat leftover biscuits at our house
Robbery in broad daylight.
Bad boy.
Dog does not like to skate
Trying to take a picture with my dog.
My dog will bring her brother's favorite toy to him, drop it in front of him, and snarl at him if he tries to take it. All other times they…
Help me help you
Fuji takes all the baths.
What does the fox say??? *flatulence noises*
Glomp!
This is what you get when you switch from wet to dry food
Just trying to dry your work while some dog runs across it.
Is this the right time for a divorce attorney?
This cat cannot find its buddy anywhere
Alaskan Malamute becomes a traffic obstacle
Getting the silent treatment for not sharing my ice cream 🤣😂
Some animals just aren’t very forgiving.
Why is he me
Thou shalt not pack your bag!
New kitten. Sleep schedule and personal space not included.
Dog yoga: I'm not sure whether he's mocking me or is just super on-board with my lifestyle choices.
What? me?
Curious monkey.
Pat pat pat pat pat pat pat
Troy seeing what he can eat or drink.
Every damn time I hang clothes up...
Dog doesn't listen
DUDE!
My dog gave my sons giant teddy a shit-stache (she ate an orange crayon)
Kitty-prints in medieval floor tiles. Wormleighton St Mary
A bird flew in my window, sh*t on my laptop, and decided to die right in front of me. How's your day going?
"Water? I don't touch the stuff, ducks fuck in it"
The spotlight is only for me
A furious fight between a toy warrior and crawdads.
My friend introducing her new friends
I think right here is a good place to sit.
To discipline your human
THRU THA WINDOOOOO
After a few days of suspicious smell I discovered the cat peed IN the toaster. Now we need a new toaster and it’s no longer in stock 😾
The vacuum’s sat in this hallway for over a year between uses but TODAY Chewie suddenly decided to eat the end of the power cord.
The Patient Kitty and the Playful Puppies
Parrot tells fireman to f*** off after getting stuck on roof
London: Firefighter tries rescuing a Macaw parrot stuck in a roof, is asked to 'F*ck off' by the bird
I put the clean laundry high on the back of the couch to try to keep the dogs from laying on it. Left for 30 seconds and came back to this.
A bird flew in front of u/JaMollyAdams shit on her laptop, then died.
Did someone say Bath time?
Bad Cat Dad
Your eye looks like a juicy bug
This platform is only big enough for one of us! And a bunch of ladies...
This monkey stole my ice cream.
Wrong neighborhood mofo
Ungrateful little swine
Fish fight
Monkey punch.
Ferret scares off her owner's new puppy and then moonwalks away
Bull knew humans keep water in that tank.
That's just rude.
Deer didn't care that it was our honeymoon. Just wanted snacks.
Oh thank you for the unplanned dismount
Kitten and dog being ridiculous.
I'm not boring.. Just ball playing..
Sleep with the fishes
Bat Cat stalks stinky soup
Come on, I rolled good this time
Hey, cat. Love me!
Not like I was eating anything
NSFW Doggy style.
Just a taste
Snarky AF
Oh, do you have somewhere to be???
Cannot do my HITT😑
[NSFW] Can I have my car back?
Dr. Grey is at it again
Alaskan Malamute and Golden Retriever will not let their hu-mom drive away
Play with me!
Guess I’m done working for now :/
Boop
I'm not your mother!
Also, your wife looks stupid in a hat!
Legionary ants built a sky bridge and attacked a wasp nest
Data entry vs Walter. Walter is winning 🙄
Tastes like chicken.
Pupper does a bite
Cutthroat Crab
Shoplifting Ant, Steal Diamond From Jewelry Store
Thug life 🐕 🐶 💦
Baby snow leopard scaring its mother.
Lovely doggy
Here fishy fishy
BACK OFF! These are my fries!
My new mouse bungee
Swiper no swiping
There’s literally an entire house for her to lounge around and sleep in. She just chooses to sleep on the trash bad I’m using to clean righ…
“Excuse me ma’am? Do you have a moment to talk about our lord and saviour Santa Clause?”
Ant stealing a diamond
My dog loves stealing my hat while I’m napping
Looks like Luna had a midnight snack 😒
Take your time bro
Someone call Aquaman, this is getting out of hand!
This is my home
Not sure if a tasty meal or a dentist checkup.
I refuse to be replaced!
Guess why I can’t play fetch with both of them
Bastard wasp dive bombs Hummingbird.
My dog annoys the cat until she plays with him
Le Artiste' and her work!
(sorry for bad quality) this bird flew in my room for some tea packets
Girl gets molested by two monkeys
Poor strawberries
I was wondering why there's leaves and soil scattered around the house
That's my exercise!
I thought this belonged here
Feral for food
Our loving little fella!
Looks like he powered the move before taking the hit
Fuck this tv... it's not 4k!
If they ask you who did it, you didn't see me. Understood?
She's got her pouncing face on, I just don't know when it will happen..
Breakfasting with a crow
How did we end up like this...?
K9 Jack In The Box
They'll turn on you just like that
Hermit crabs can me jerks, too
Not very military-like
Screaming Monkey Scares People after Kidnapping Baby in Indian Village (+Video)
Fuck this plant
It scared the piss out of me when I went to go close my chicken coop. He’s only a jerk for stealing my eggs.
Tweety always wins.
Fox stealing wallet
The guardian of the steps says you shall not pass (it was his first time trying to go down the stairs)
Crazy Battle Between A Jawfish and a Goby
Good boy demands pets from human
Everytime I ask if he wants to go for a walk...
When you wanna play but your friend rather take a nap.
No u
Kitten chasing bee’s
This bird at my school will scratch and peck any car’s side view mirror if it’s parked next to his tree.
Normal day in Istanbul
I think he is plotting to kill me!!!
Just brought home a homeless kitten I found at my work and found out my cat is a dick
Barbecue interrupted and eaten by this guy while we cowered on the porch
One of us
No high fives
What is this? I fix it!
Hobbes had a rough life after Calvin moved on.
older dog is determined not to let puppy’s laziness stop his walk
"Please help"
Play time
Wait for it
There can be only one
When you can’t do work
Get off your back? Make me.
munch
How about that?
Little fucker won’t stop breaking in. My aunt in Bangladesh has chickens and they’re REALLY annoying. And cute
We’re swimming because I said so, that’s why
Our office cat is a jerk... wait for the end!
Our office cat is a jerk... wait for the end!
Get Off My Lawn!
"one for me and one for the wife"
Rip screen
Little piggy destroys innocent dogs face.
Hey, no more writing. Now is playtime.
Chipmunk Hitman
Not mine but thought this belonged here
Came home sick! Their on my bed! I get the dirty look from them. I guess I have to call them before I come home to see if it’s ok!
Mochi loves his fountain, but he must also destroy it
Merpuppy murders sun fish
Egg Thieves: About to Strike!
Elephants have a sense of humor too.
This lil' dude tried to fight me in a wendy's parking lot the other day.
Outnumbered 8 to 1 Vicious gang or puppies team up on adult dog !
CRONCH (NSFW)
Training the cat to walk our pupper
Get... These... Things... Out... Of Here!
my poor baby
Annoying dog outsmarted by older brother.
Nobody is safe
Just cows having some fun
Can I please have my highlighter back?
Attempted to recreate a favorite photo (top) one year later (bottom). It went about as well as you might imagine.
Thought this would fit in well.
Oh you don’t like that?
Worst Wingman ever
Woodpecker messing with a security cam.
Moved off the bed for a few minutes to charge my phone, come back and my dog stole my spot (head on pillow and all)
I will be the only cat again one way or another..
I'm gonna kill you. Just kidding
A Florida woman ran from the police, but a herd of cows chased her and helped give away her location.
Deer With Huge Rare Antlers Eating In Backyard
If it Fits! It sits!
There he disappears half
Come on out! I know you’re in there! I have X-Ray eyes
Don't mind me...
You are going for a swim!
Demonic catzilla terrorizes a peaceful, snowy village
YOUR turn to wear the cone, biotch!
My bird yoga buddy decided he should join my Dwi Viparita Dhanurasana posture! ;)
Annie’s been stealing goose eggs and bringing them in the house thru the doggie door!
Dog Gets Brutally Rejected
Dinner time
Pupper jumps over 3 fences to abandon brother!
dolphin vs pufferfish
"We should have named her Fear and Loathing"
Don’t underestimate ducks
Chest bump
Chewbacca imposter
Angry Goat Chases Women Up Tree and Eats Handbag
Frodo made our kitchen linen cupboard his afternoon bed.
don’t do it...
Little rooster “catches“ cursor
Worst roommate ever. This guy’s been staying on my couch for 3 months now and just lays around like this eating all my food and never payin…
This colourful crab was trying to get the attention of this evil looking crab for about 10 minutes - I think he got the point
Kitten vs. wiener
That escalated quickly !.
Cat meet snow
Caught her stealing vegetables from the garden.
Just trying to film a video
Feed me, peasant!
Give them an inch and they’ll take a mile
Goose stealing parking spot
New toy + post being chewed agony face
Time to get a screen top
Precision mastery: level penguin
Cannibalism
Any seen a ratfight?
Sheep wants the milk even though it’s a bitch
What a nice fluffy couch
The cat just wants to be left alone
He kind of deserved that
Just a reminder of who's boss..
Chomp
Horrible Fight for Alpha Between Two Dogs
My cat hates my interior design
Bird Jerks Harassing Floof 2 - Volume up for full jerkness
Don’t trust cows
This happens everyday. White goose always wins.
No Shame
Can’t even get a picture
When cats attack they can be more vicious than a dog Lol!
Knocking out the video prior to the attac
Count Catula
Don't mind us, we just lion around
Bison causing traffic jam in Yellowstone
Hey mom... SURPRISE!
She just wants to be friends
This is Dr. Grey, he likes to make my job as difficult as possible. Worst doctor I’ve ever had to work with.
Jerk Birds
Stealing the dog’s dinner.
Low point in behavior this week. Litter is not to be played in.
Not a fan of posting workout videos.
My cat is not supposed to be in my room and decided he is.
meow am become vampire, the destroyer of dogs
Ant
This crazy-ass looking squirrel taunting our cat
Dog Tries To Surf A Human
When you go check your GoPro handstands album from the afternoon.
Still a better love story than twilight
No filming, four eyes.
Get out of my boat, thief!
Trying to make a new friend
Don't wanna take a photo.
Fuck you for trying to feed me, human.
got wrecked by my cat for giving her a treat, my bad
Yum
When the family gets into a fight...
You asked for it.
He’s making biscuits:)....nvm.
Surprise Attack
A Whale Makes Sailboats Into Bumperboats
Couple attacked by a crocodile in their swimming pool.
Welcoming the new guy
Meowhommad Ali.
Amazon delivered a package today... this was the delivery photo.
the groud is lava (94°)! sit on your friend!
Trainer suggested a squirt bottle to keep him off the table.
Apparently he wanted to make a purchase.
Corgi harassing a chicken.
Get out of my wave!
No pictures please
Cat dosent care.
Yeah, I tore up my new bed. Fight me
Ant stealing diamond
“No I don’t want pets”
One of these things is not like the others...who's king of the cat tower?
The birds won’t let him pass :(
He got beef to settle.
Pug feeling cold.....
Wait for it
Friendly puppy
I told her not to, she gave 0 hecks
Stealthy hunting team
Who Broke My WindShield?
Why thank you ill just have a little TASTE OF IT
One-hit takedown
Bull elephant is angry to find a black rhino at his watering hole
Cow enforces no mobile rule
Wesley shredded my mail looking for contraband catnip.
Boing
Fly ruins domino reaction Guinness World Record attempt
Pupper abandons brother vía high jump
Birb being jerk
I think this horse qualifies as a jerk.
Someone is in trouble!
"human,why do you keep throwing balls at me?"
my parents in law needs to hide the toilet paper
Two can play that game
Ñom
The Mogwai™️: There is no ESC!
Dear diary.
My dog stole my corn
You're coming with me!
Pupper takes down bulldoggo
My dog ate all my condoms (unused)
World's greatest chicken hunter/keyboard masher.
Monkey steals a bike.
Bird shit contest
Dog sees chipmunk, chipmunk goes up pipe, dog rips pipe out of ground...never gets chipmunk.
A jerky interlude
That’s a fancy chair ya got there
dog.go has encountered cat.tap. rebooping. [x-post r/StoppedWorking]
A nice evening with my girl
This sums up my experience at the Ambsterdam zoo
<title>
I tried disciplining.
Elephant not being very subtle.
It wasn't me
Where's your God now?
Let's see who will get you out now
I’m having a conversation
Don't leave me out guys !!
Mr BooBoo hates the radio.
I could sleep anywhere. But let me use this plant as a pillow.
Hi I'm Dug. I just met you and I love you.
Bites the top off water bottles. All. The. Time. He can twist them off with such skill... it’s almost frightening.
Stealing a fish
Every single time
“Get that camera out of my face!....I said get it out!”
No Rest For The Weary, Hitmanimals Edition
We had to give the foster cat back and our cat jumped on the carrier to show her dominance.
Our senior dog is really loving having a puppy around
Funniest animals complications ever ...
Poor Artie just wants a nap.
This cat just wants to snuggle too!
It’s a little baby birdie
Birdie dispells the cat with a vicious look 🙀
Maggie is not impressed
What a shitty cat
The best place to sit is right here on top of you!
Let me sleep.
my son! I love you
No dogs allowed, get out
Sleeping with the fishes
Sorry, mate, no entry for your kind.
This why puppies aren’t allowed at wedding receptions!
Have knee pain? Here have some more.
Sleep Attack
Oh man this fish is out to get him!
Alright, who destroyed the couch?
...she took my dogs bed
My sisters dog tries to play with my cat. Doesn’t work out so well
My Grey boi doesn’t leave her alone even after she’s told him off multiple times.
Big dog gets no respect at beach (or anywhere else, honestly)
Tried to get a sniff at the wrong time.
Happy birthday to the ground!
Such a rebel
"Hey, i can help you with that!"
Not today, grom.
Insensitive Jerk
IT WON’T LEAVE US ALONE WTF
The fragile peace is broken
Thanks, Dusty. What a view of an evening.
Tried to get a sniff at the wrong time.
This parrot
a title
Don't you Ever lay a paw on our kids!
Raccoon versus kittens
Gandalf the goose: You shall not pass!
You're going to play with me whether you want to or not!
Out of my way, pupper coming through!
My dog is stuck because the cat knows she controls the stairs.
No food for you.
to bird
Mine!
Can’t get Minnie to stop biting her dog tag
My Sister's Cat going full Jekyll and Hyde
He just wanted to get In.
Make yourself comfortable, kitty
10/10 tackling form
"He's right behind me, isn't he?"
In mid air!!
iz mine now
Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo.
Don’t tell me what to do
This made my day..
Grizzly bear taking up the whole road.
Corgis get in a heated argument
Testing his patience
iz mine now
“I’m too pretty to be out in this muck!” - Sassy Horse
A squirrel has been hoarding acorns inside this antenna
Got em in that choke hold!!
Who will win?
Somebody had strong feelings about Pom Poms on pillows.
Doggone it, Gary.
First they're sour, then they're sweet
Get your own food! 🐾😾
She just wanted a cute video with her dog
Dozens of goats appeared out of nowhere on a front garden in Idaho and shat everywhere
Dog on power trip
F*ck you and f*ck this wall
Mine now
You’ve Goat to be Kidding me!
Dog likes to block air conditioning and chew on walls
The epitome of cats
Octopus attack’s diver’s camera (credit to u/basshead541)
Meet the nice doggy
No 🌻s allowed
Let go of me
Dozens of professional goats briefly took over a neighborhood in Boise
Do not waste water!
My pup Hamilton just wants to play with my cat Betsy. She’s having none of it.
Budgie terrorising chicken
Turtles on a log
My pet...very innocent..😍😍😍
My turn to sit
Internet fights in a nutshell
What are you looking at?
From the cat such impudence did not expect
My cat tried to steal my burrito
My buddy went to feed the neighbor's cat today.
Asshole dad runs over kid
Wake up wake up wake up!
Move!! You are too slow
I had fun dog sitting these two rescue pups
Doggo wants my food again
And to think I just fed him.
New food had freeze dried bits that apparently tasted AMAZING. Good thing she's cute.
Poor pupper just want play in the water
It’s his arm now
The crew
Early bird gets the worm..
Don’t. Touch. My. Cake.
Jerk dog won’t let other dog move
Took a pic the exact moment he started chasing me
A treat given by the cat while giving her a treat
I'll just lie here... (not my video)
Crosspost of a repost that was probably crossposted
oop sorry mom
You didn't have to be that mean about it
It was going so well
Woah! What the hell just happened?
Poor Tom.
My cat also takes up all of the bed too
Rude baby turtle
Get off my log!
Friend's pets are over and they're stalking our cat.
Fake News!
He dragged it Through the whole house
Why yes I do
Who's there? Penguins?
Bear caught hotwiring car
Wisconsin man has hands and legs amputated after a lick from a dog causes infection.
How dare you, a doggo, have fun? Be miserable you disgusting filth.
"CAT" A SYNONYM FOR "ASSHOLE".
I’m still angry, one more time
Every damn time!
Look what this eagle is doing to this rodent
Sleepy frenchie 😴😴
They’re so small but always take up so much space. We have a king sized bed...
Get your own damn catnip
Four Legged Thief in Brazil...
unhappy dog ​​with the new acquisition of his friend monkey
They went through all that effort...
Wonder where the culprit is hiding..
A bird shat in the one spot my wipers cant clean.
Pretty good place to sleep
Justice served
Talk about a rude awakening.
Jerk groundhog took 30 minutes to get out of my engine compartment.
Rescuing a tiny octopus
Why do dogs do this?
Bull: Imma scratch my head with this hooman
Fuck this cup!
Stubborn lil' thang
Asshole cat
This is bad, right?
Boss cat
Duck Duck GOOSE
She was hungry
"Chair is for me right?"
Unexpected guest for lunch.
bad dad
Little kitten jerk
B*tch, please... (Walter)
Cowcrete
Animals have always been jerks, page from a manuscript dating from 1420 with notes from the monk who wrote it explaining that the cat pee'd…
Get that thing away from me!
Stubborn kitteh
Ava was just enjoying the bed when Buttery Ken jumped up and pulled this shit (wait for it...)
Cat doesn’t like water
"Get your ass out of my face!"... "How about you get your face out of my ass?!"
I guess I’m not allowed to do homework anymore...
Baby goat being a jerk = wasted
Imagine the birds thoughts when he took a peek out of his house.
Gimme the stick!
Just trying to enjoy a nice peaceful bath
Confused parrot get kicked
Personal space matters
My brother's dog passed away yesterday. We will always remember him as he was the weekend he arrived home and how he greeted his new housem…
Seconds before he'd bite her butt and the shit start again
Never invited back😔
That slap though
Squirrels are jerks!
This is my wave bra!
My cat went inside organs.
Fight for the Jack Fruit
Just try to ignore him and see what happens :)
Well...my sheets WERE freshly laundered.
When Wombats Attack!
They are just waiting for the perfect moment when they stare
Dog attempts to get their bed back from the cat who has claimed it
Put water to my bath! Immediately! (My cat Ile)
I thought this only happened in typing class...
Dogs: I WILL LAY UNDER YOU TO PROTECT YOUR HEAD IF YOU ARE HAVING A SEIZURE Cats:
My cat british shorthair Ile loves bird nest or is this cat nest.😁
My cat is hoarding the whole blanket
This puppy is too powerful.
Corgi accepts his fate.
Goose pulls fisherman out of boat (x-post r/NotSteveIrwin)
She refused to acknowledge what she has done to me
I'm just trying to pet you.
One dog being a jerk, the other being a total sucker. (No worries, Reddit. They are best buddies. They just get Kujoface when they play.)
Top 10 anime battles
 bones on the ground and they still fight over one
Less than 4 hours after this bath, she rolled in a dead bird. With such gusto, too
Guess I’m done reading for the night
‘Your lunch money or the toilet flushes, Andy’
She said no...
Thought this belongs. My ol girl seeks dominance over the new addition anyway she can.
Does this count?
The younger wants to play
Yee-haw
Somehow Jetta got the other bone from the dog twice her size. She’s not giving it up!
Parrots & tordos farming seeds
Turtle steals food
Cat corners scared German Shepherd
"Sister, why?!"
Penguins are jerks.
Cat doing daily jerk activities
Thought he wanted to cuddle...he just wanted to chew on my watch
I thought this belonged here
Goats climb anything!
Saw this picture and thought it belonged here
A man can't enjoy a quiet day on the lake? (X-post r/NotSteveIrwin)
Attack the tail
Stealer’s choice.
No water for you
He jumped into our hummus pot. FYI, the ingredients are very bad for him - he likes it anyway.
I whanted to eat that....
No one is riding the wheel but me
Hang in there, Joe!
Dalmatian vs Bully round 2: laser edition
Duck Face Avenger
Was calling him for ever... he was "resting" in the car when found
I LITERALLY just let him outside on his leash while I put my son to sleep.
Petting my sweet angel
When your friend sticks her butt in your face but you’re too tired to care.
No clean underwear for you!
Beans is going to shit in someone’s shoe
Will bite for attention
Was chilling comfortably with one of my moms dogs when the other decided he had to join the party.
Let me stop you doing that if I may, just for a moment
She's so smart!
The chair is a little extra lumpy today..
For no Reason
If it fits...
My dogs like to party. It’s one sided though.
Moral of the story is, don't mess with raccoons.
Get out of here, stupid Walrus!
you get a smack , you get a smack . everybody gets a smack
Dingo Viciously Mauled by Lion
Wink
Doggo steals owner's GoPro
He is always sooooo innocent!
When you can't wait for your dumb sister any longer.
Man defends himself against a cassowary's kick: these birds have a five-inch long claw on their feet which they can use to lacerate and gor…
DONT 👏 TOUCH 👏 MY 👏 CHOCOLATE 👏
Excuse me sir, I think your dog's broken
Dog steals owner’s GoPro and runs away as fast as he could.
Get off of my deck!
There's something chewing on my ear.
Mad Malamute Dog After Bath Won’t Look At Me
Hey that’s the Birds Food
Like a boss
My cat's organisation system...
Frank the flamingo getting kicked out of the group.
Inconsiderate Crow
Catch me if you can!
Sacrifice
I never know who to blame when I come home. #nosnitchin #brosb4pillows
Don't mind me, just nibbling on your face.
Hey, I'm jumping here. It's not my fault if your balls are in the way
Takedown!
Aggressive Cat
How original, Cat.
Caught in the act!
This belongs here
Give me attention hooman
Bye 👋🏼
Tiny bee kicks honey bee off flower in slo-mo
Finn (my adult white cat) just looks at me like “why did you bring this into my life? Did I say I was lonely?”
Going somewhere? How about no.
MUFASA
aNtS FuCkInG ReCReaTe LiOn KIng On LIvE tElIvIsION
Inconsiderate Crow
Hell with your paws!!!
I was petting him and I hit the secret number of pets before he...
Every time! Sitting on the Sonos speaker right in front of the screen.
Street violence in Sweden.
Cat activates turbo mode in dog
That's a fast learner.
Wasn't me
Cats know physics
Orca being a dick
My dog is furious
What a jerk
Just Wow
I’ve been away for ten days.
Kitten getting jacked up
Put that camera down right meow!
Innocent Ray Lynched By Steve Irwin's Largest Fan
I have a queen sized bed, but my dog decides to sleep directly in the middle of it
Monkey is an absolute jerk [x-post r/therewasanattempt]
Animal sacrifice
Puppies' new chew toy
Primo laying spot apparently...
No concept of sharing
Not sure if the monkeys the jerk for stealing the bike or the dogs a jerk for not letting a monkey go for a cruise.
Sloth Robbed by Monkey
Fast learner :)
Caught red-handed.
Thought this belongs here...
major jerk alert
Stealing from a sloth
Poor sloth
Removing the squatters is never easy.
Splat
I guess there's a reason they say not to feed the birds.
This wonderful cat walked 12 miles return to home in an amazing journey
Dog is so sad because cat stole him his food
My dog peed on a kid's toy and he couldn't be more proud of it
Cat thinks the cure for sickness is a tea-bag
Cat makes friends with a group of ferrets in an unlikely friendship you wont soon forget
Cha-Cha vs Chance
GO! GOGOGOGOGO
Eagles are jerks
Well...that pillow is used now...
This hairless-tailed coyote likes to tease my dogs.
Just why
Stanley has no respect for puzzles.
Too slow
This turd
Some birds clearly don’t understand personal space
Dog dunks cat
This. Is. Nuts.
Kitten irritating mama cat
Jerk won't let the dog have his ball back
Dog stole baby's food.
I got bitten by a dog while cycling
It‘s the same everyday.
Cat made her opinion clear on foot pets
Depth check, anus check, camera check, dunk n run!
I thought they were going to hug.
Hey, that's mine!
"Don't you dare touch my stuffed duck"
Sloth too slow to stop monkey
Monkey steals a bike.
Come here you..
Don’t believe everything you see online... She’s really a sweetheart 🤷🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️😂
Peach pulling apart her top mate’s house
It's called the A-Hole Fish
This jerk obstructing my morning cycling track.
Slam Dunk...
In honor of shark week I got my pups a shark toy and they immediately torn the heart ~squeaker~ out.
Our new foster dog enjoys pulling on my gf's hair
Poor little guy is only trying to eat
Boyfriend set up a hidden camera to see how the animals get along behind closed doors.
You were better with the lid on
Boyfriend set up a hidden camera to see how the animals get along behind closed doors.
No care was given
Move bitch, get out the way
They're fighting over the big new bed.
Attempted murder
Man stops feeding his cat and gives him balls… Now watch the food bowl when the cat finds it
Ted got rejected by Orla
I thought it was going to spit...
Well shit
She doesn’t even feel bad.
My dog finally defeated the resident bully tonight!
Oh, you were tryna mail this?
Adorable kitten follows a man home and refuses to leave and four years later, he is still with him
Wild Fox Approaches House Cat – Everyone Was Nervous At First But It Became An Unbelievably Cute Moment
Doggo will make you fall
CeCe didn't think the couch was very comfortable, so she fixed it for us.
Smart ass Fox
Our Duck Doesn't Want to Share His Food With The Dog
Plenty of other couch, but noooo I must shove my anus towards her face
We bought a brand new “indestructible” bed when he had already ripped through a couple of other beds. This was his face when we woke up the…
He stole this from a random kid, immediately popped it and carried it all the way home.
Can't fly? Let me teach you.
Fuck your selfie
Not totally her fault. I *was* in the splash zone.
This Bitch
Monkey being a dick
This horse wasn’t thrilled to be on stall rest for 8 weeks.
The kangaroo took the others food
I’m hungover. These assholes decided to fight. While one was standing on me.
Trying to work but this guy is being a jerk right outside
Kangaroo snatched ginger middle child (x-post from r/NotSteveIrwin)
Player 3 has entered the match
H*ck your video
I have NOWHERE cozy to sleep so I'll just waste the TP
Oh, you wanted to use this?
3am definitely isn’t a time for sleep
This jerk just wouldn’t let go his 6 month old daughter...
Baller.
When the resident bully turns up
Fuck your selfie
Two canadian geese squatting an ofsprey nest
hmmm... my dog looks suspicious yet I can’t seem to find what he has done while I was at work.
I'll sit... here I think!
WTF, Marcus? Get your own salad!
Lovely neighbors
Mocking owner or sympathy?
Das my hat now
PSA: camels don’t like a trout pout
She is majestic af
What should you do?
Kissing with the dog！
Trust fall
Cat slaps sleeping farting doggo
Even with all the tail stomping, she's still the sweet one of the two.
Winston laid ON Titus today and had zero regrets
Room for two?
It's basically the opposite of being jerks?
Can't do dishes
When you have 11 friends and one car to go
When you're told to come inside, but you're not done playing with the sprinkler
This asshole escaped last week. Good neighbors and the SO found him in the bushes covered in tree sap
This crab is making its way down a pipe in the shop I'm working in and peeling paint off. Thanks for the mess, jerk.
Skunk teases my old girle at the same time every morning for the past 3 months
So you want to boil water? Checkmate, mofo!
And this is why my dog hates birds.
Screw you kitty
Puppy uses kitten as a cushion
I laughed harder than I should’ve at this.
Rude dude on the train
'This is not what I ordered...'
Cat's new favorite activity
What do you want man)))
Jerks in the wild
Sneakyboi
Dude, I can see you
I’m not coming down!!!
Monkey Douche
Jerks sleep in my desk all day while I work. The only time they move is to knock my pens off or "organize" my papers for me....
So sad. Such greed.
Buffalos are jerks
Dumbo is vigilant in his job as a paper shredder
From r/bees
Weaponized goose butt is locked and loaded and waiting on an unsuspecting person to pass below while the sentries stand watch.
Mine now lol
Thought this belonged here.
Attention! I'm sleeping. Please do not disturb!
I move for no man!
Some monkeys harassing a super chill capybara
“Excuse me?!”
What? I moved.
NBA
Was that really necessary?
Lemme touch the fish
Just give me 5 minutes Maximus
Dog Drags Sprinkler Into The House Through The Doggy Door
An absolute jerk
Seriously
A compilation of my cat Bella being a jerk. I call her my sass cat and I’m pretty sure we’re soulmates <3
Paul The Nugget Thief
Move b**** get out the way
"You seeing this shit?"
That seemed very unnecessary
She’s an only child.
Nooooooooo
GinGER oN BLaCk VIoLeNCe
Keep out
Buzz boi vs fluff boi
Nut shot butt sniff combo
Just bought him a new bed
My cat hates when I got up the basement steps....
Don't do catnip, kittens.
Im hungry, so let me alone
Dick move bro
When you meet someone new, and find out they're rude!
Help I'm being swallowed whole!
Watching YouTube and this dickhead lays down on my phone
Watching YouTube and this dickhead lays right on top of my phone
"This is fine"
She was there first, but I don't think he cares.
Lady and the hog
Seal isn’t very fond of underwater cameraman (x-post from r/NotSteveIrwin)
I don't remember saying I was lonely...
Husky wants cat to get up.
I'm sure you really want to eat that. Jerk.
Husky annoys cat.
Betrayal
Causing mischief!
He did what?
"My pets get along great, yeah they're pretty different from normal pets"
"It was just a kiss!"
This jerk on my cycling route
Two for the road.
Man defends himself against a cassowary's kick: these birds have a five-inch long claw on their feet which they can use to lacerate and gor…
Welp
I don't sleep, you don't sleep
Wrecked it all.
Dog steals drone
You little son of a dog!
My german shepherd puppy couldn't figure out how to get her treat. Her brother "helped".
They get along great... I swear!
I was half way done with cleaning his cage and he just reversed all of it
I haven't found what they broke yet
ANIMALS Being JERKS - Funny Animals Fails Compilation
Woke me up with licking so we labeled him
The Angry Bird gets the worm
I’ve been officially promoted to a bed. Really excited for this new job opportunity.
My cat has no manners.
she forgot to feed the dog
"Thanks for lift neighbor!"
Almost caught ‘em
No pens allowed...
"Go take a photo with the cute animals son!"
Tag, you’re it
NO! IZ MINE !!!!!!!!!
Thought this belongs here
She kept sitting on my desk so I put her bed up there. Of course, that's unacceptable.
Last Selfie......
Baited by these sly guy
My chair!
So you thought you were going to sit down?
So, the stitches come out Friday...
My friends cat tried taking her boyfriend’s food... right in front of him
Dog drags sprinkler thru the doggy door.
She pushed my freshly washed clothes off the couch because they were in her spot
Wait till I say go!
Saw on YouTube, is that allowed? Dont upvote! Just wanted to show the reddit world "nama-stay off my yoga mat" XD
Evil cat named Boo
Put your hands in the air like you just don't care!
Pretty sure this belongs here...
Fuck your mailbox
Snowy owl fucking with some wolves
Surf's up, dude!
Remember that Naughty Penguin of the Month thing that aquarium did? They do it every month. This guy's reviewed them all and it's genuinely…
There's no bed more comfortable than a stolen dog bed
Kitty with anger issues.
Shut down by the fun police!
[Not my jerk] He brought the sprinkler in the dog door
Oh my...this is funny
My friend tried that blanket challenge thats been so popular lately. Her dog refused to comply.
I’m not going in there, and I’ll walk myself home!
He dragged the sprinkler in through the doggie door
This is why Jinx is so fat
Dolphins can be dicks too
finally got the son of a bitch some more shade in his cage but the only thing he does is to lay on top of it (ps: he broke it)
Pushing the puppy off her own bed, that's how cats welcome the newbies in our home..
I Cannot have ice cream in peace..i am always being judged by my doggo for not sharing!
Kitty being a jerk.
Moose attack!
Cat birthday parties
Smack on
Sparrow went for a coffe cookie
Big crash in bedroom
They are real
Bird gives woman free nose job (x-post from r/NotSteveIrwin)
Come at me bro
It’s hard enough to see that tiny screen!
Just because he likes being scratched, doesn't mean her intentions weren't to harass him.
Kicking balls to get a ball.
She still refuses to use her huge cat post after 2 years, but they day we get a big box it’s her new house. Cats are great.
I put her in the crate so I could shower. I get out of the shower andddd
Leave it alone there is nothing left!
I was in the wrong part of town
Because I did not let him in
Slap that hat off your face
Lil' Pup Tries to Eat Big Pup
Dolphin being an asshole.
This is why we can't eat nice things.
Not an ounce of shame!!!!
I was just pretending - lol
Dog carried lawn sprinkler through the pet door (Not mine dog)
Ape Sign Language
I just wanted a high-five...
No problem, I didn't need to use it anyway.
"Did you just touched me?"
Which type of drunk personality are you?: #3. The rowdy drunk
This is mine now
Squirrel steals man’s camera
Fish love marshmallows!
Respect for the cat. F*ck the dog owner!
Ginger does not like public displays of affection
Saw this at a Best Western. Challenge accepted.
Nothing to say.
Move it, Grandpa!
Does he know how to take a picture?
This is how my cat wakes me up in the morning.
Instead of fetching, Alaskan Malamute destroys the tennis ball
Oh, did you need to use this....?
Cat knocking down my trash can
Don’t move human, not now, not ever - cat
Stay away from my fam
All He Was Doing Was Sun Tanning...
We bought a fancy bean bag that no one is allowed to use, including us...
You've had enough
Little water boi claimed his hole.
Get back here you!
Part 2: What an Ass
Dolphins enforcing a strict “locals only” policy on this break
Not a rope toy
My GF getting a picture with an adorable lab puppy.
My dog inside the flower pot just before planting flowers and what she did to them after the flowers were planted
You tell your cat to get off the counter and he does this...
Don't Annoy The Animals!!!
He who hates snails.
Trying to give water to a stray cat
Fuck yo couch
Inside the house is too dry for me
When you call for a rescue mission just so you can prank the human
3 month old german Shepard puppy laying on my labs back
Stop? This is too much fun to stop
This dog bringing the sprinkler inside
one of my chickens learned that she can peck the bag of treats out of my hand
Steal her goat. Please.
Hey fren, you need a hand?
what's the record?
No Netflix for you! 18 and still a brat!
Look over there
Who is the king now?
Every time my dog farts he just smiles, watches me and waits for the smell to hit me.
Wonder how the cubs will turn out
I will just fail the important exam... Thanks Brian.
This is my road, mate! You got a problem with that?
What's this button? Xpost from r/gifs
Ding Dong!
Started out as a sweet moment...
Kitten protects a piece of paper. He thinks it's his prey
Move it old man!!
Killer whale rudely attacks a shark
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ Give Touch ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ [OC]
Very bad camel...
I leave my plate outside for 2 seconds and this is what I come back to
"i told you that don't do that!"
Little greedy
DraculCAT
He didn’t hear the “car” call
TransformCATS
HorseBeingAJerk in 3, 2, 1....
Dat ass
This is a more appropriate sub, fur sure.
Get down Mr. President!
Get up and make my breakfast, servant!
How dare you!
When Someone gets fed up.
Angry bird
Your shit was in our way
Out of my way, it's mine!
These pigeons hoarding the horse’s food
I went to a stingray touch tank and this dude came right towards me only to say “bitch, please”
When I don't give him enough attention he go straight to my laundry basket and bring me my favorite cloths...
Wow
I wanted shrimp. I ain't trifling with no damn cricket. "Stop! STAHP!"
Eight year old girl grabbed by an eagle during show
It's a matter of trust...
Get back in there... ya filthy mutt
When you’re trying to drink coffee and browse reddit in peace, but you have a cat.
what
At the beginning there...
He doesn’t care for the rules
My sweet kitty, Bubba
More like kicking someone when they’re down, right?
PETA has to chill
Duck fight! Confronted for sleeping with his mates wife
Get a cat, they said. They like being stroked, they said.
Player 2 has entered the game
The tables have turned.
“Want Frisbee!” “Frisbee mine!” Repeat.
Did someone say nudes?
He didn't even help put it back together
Excuse me, *I* was watching the caterpillar.
Get out
He loves (?) feet
Was filming as my cat had never shown this kind of affection to me before. I was so happy.
1, 2, 3, WATER HOG!
I see your ruby and raise you my Arlo.
I’m done with your shit!
My Cat snuck outside and thought he’d bring his new friend home
Thug pug was a bad boy
My daughter has a super sweet kitty
This may not just be a just any monkey. It feels like Donkey Kong stepped out of the video game.
More like ‘kanga-rude’
I asked them who pooped next to my bed and I think I have the answer.
He loves butt scritches
Wake up and feed me
This turkey is giving me the evil eye after trying to attack my car
Thank you very much!
It's bite is worse than it's bark.
PsychoPuppy will make it look like an accident
Trump contradicts himself during walkback statement; "I accept our intelligence community's conclusion that Russia's meddling in the 2016 e…
Petting my sweet angel Ruby
When you're trying to get important work done but your cats have other ideas.
Get out
I'm gonna sleep now... guys?
My roommate's puppy posing for a picture on my dog.
My cockatiel refusing to take a photo and biting the camera.
Shampooed, conditioned and blow dried cows :)
Money
Vampire dog turns innocent young puppy!!!
Gordon flies over the competition at Barnyard Sanctuary
Just kidding
Guess who was there
Thx Brian I'll take it from here
Oh dang this was already my digging spot
our photographer got a great picture of Coconut during our last farm dinner!
What a prick
Anything is possible 😅[3143x4215]
Me: "Rayna, clean up your toys" Rayna: "Make . Me ."
This squirrel who climbs to my second story window sill every day just to troll my cat
Tortoise is tired of your sh*t
Boop!
He just had to runaway.
Now what?
I laughed to hard at this.
Kept the fact have kittens in my house for over a year from the Neighborhood 7 yr old girls. They saw what was parting the blinds and now d…
See the broken glass on top of the fridge? Guess where the extra coffee pot used to be.
So this guy was kinda mean
Yeah you can have my valentines present. No problem
F#?+= your shoe!
I take that 🍞.
Bird Stealing From Kangaroo
My cat meowed repeatedly to let her in, so I did. She immediately puked on the floor then started meowing to go back out.
My cat meows repeatedly to let her in, so I do. She immediately pukes on the floor and meows to go back outside.
Bad Bad Leroy Brown
Book cat says nope. Not tonight.
Highway robbery
Cygninigans
That tree looks fun
Wasps are scary
No treat for you!
Gotta pay the toll
Playtime
Babysitting this sweet little kitten. My house panther Oliver has been quite welcoming.
You’re not you when you’re hungry (x-post from r/NotSteveIrwin)
Wimpy Dogs Acting Tough
Grand Theft Kiddo (x-post from r/NotSteveIrwin)
Service dog senses and responds to owner's oncoming panic attack.
Long live the king!
Wild elephant goes bananas.
Fatality
I just wanted to make my bed...
Doesn't play well with others...
Funny looking guard dog
These little piggies are too much! 😍 🐽
To use a Hula Hoop
Don’t move
Monkey see, monkey do (x-post from r/NotSteveIrwin)
Stahp it you!
He is not allowed in the bathroom...
ＤＥＶＩＯＵＳ ＧＩＲＬ
He says NO..
Hippo quite rudely acting aggressively towards a crocodile
Camel Eats Ass (x-post from r/NotSteveIrwin)
My fiancé’s aunt is not happy about what this deer is doing to her Koi pond.
Demon cat watches puke aftermath
I kept myself entertained while you were gone...
This little jerk is about to learn a shocking lesson.
Shiba not impressed with new bed
If you can do it, so can i!
Swan hates this sign
Not so good boye
Booty bite
no, u stay
Cat hates Indy Car. 🏎
my cat stole my french fry
Couldn’t figure out how Howard kept escaping
Can any body tell me why my pit x boxer keeps standing over me on the sofa?
Get off my deck!
I will not be ignored
My parents have an emu farm. Emus like shiny things. Needless to say, my car is now scratched to hell.
Fuck this tree in particular
Luna decided to tear up our bed and got herself stuck in the mattress cover in the process.
The cat does not allow you to pet the kitty
Cat protects kitten
This is for Steve Irwin
Love this jerk
Surely someone would nudge the cat outta the way...
Can we talk about the elephant in the room? These elephants are freakin' adorable. 🐘 🐘 🐘
Crabby Cat
Come play with me!
Betrayal
Stewart pretends to get stuck and yells for me to rescue him. Drama queen.
Dog-sat for my parents this weekend. I like this one's dedication.
Possessed Pom
I have the ball, now you do the rest.
He busted out of the cage the day after being caught. He had been eating the barn cat's food prior to that.
I have no idea where she hid the others. I used to have a whole set of different colours.
Seagull in Gloucester snatches wallet from man on the street
Doggo being taken hostage
Caught my cat, but he didn't give a shit.
Kitty biting his brother's foot like a little jerk
Miska not being a team player
I’m trying to play a game here.....
What the f...
pointed stingray
Busted!! caught red handed destroying my paper towels!
The dog who taught baby to crawl
Stray kittens near where I live. I give them food and water, but this one isn’t sharing with its siblings, which are all black with touches…
Naughty boy steals french fries
Bully in town
*smack*
Thanks dude. Its not like I was working on that or anything.
There you go!!!
Jerk sit
Mother duck teaching duckling how to swim in a brutal way
I’m not touching you I’m not touching you
Jerk seal thinks he’s funny
Crosspost from r/cursedimages
:p
NFSW The shitty friend
All of Yellowstone to romp around in, yet he chooses here to take a stroll
This is why I believe all horses are selfish jerks.
Really bro??
These are *our* waters.
I’ll be taking that, thanks for fetching.
get out of my way, you peasant
When you just had your shirt ironed
CARLLLLLLL !!! STTTTHAAAAAAAAPPPP !!!!!!
he showed up with this present...
He just wanted to tame it
Gilfoyle the Lovable Jerk
Let me pretend spit at this animal infamous for spitting
Llama Spit
My girlfriend calls the peach coloured fish Dale and Dale's a jerkfish
A Swell Dolphin
Elephant robs the bus in Sri Lanka
My cats love to fight over the bed. As if it’s not big enough for the two of them...
Just bought a new bed for my dog and found this in the review section. Thought it belonged here.
No concept of personal space (pt. 2)
She sits like this and it's the "I'm gonna pounce on you at any point".
That look.
No concept of personal space (pt. 1)
Our cat says it’s time to get up!
My jealous dog won’t let the other one near me
"sorry, not sorry."
Just ironed a shirt for a wedding
Won’t be the last time
My neighbor is an avid bird watcher. The email was not pleasant
Comfy enough
Who tf you lookin at?
Tap, tap, tap, swipe, swipe
Rawr! Gimme dat foot!
A friend was wondering who kept taking things out of his lunch bag...so he set up a camera - A crow being a total jerk
Baby bird gifts his owner for keeping him warm
So much for the squirrel-proof feeder🙄
I was walking through my living room and I felt something grab my leg. I thought I might be going crazy...
My kitten hasn't learned to play without claws yet
I wondered why it was the only plant not to flower this summer.
Will bite
Squeak
Ring around the rosies, pocket full of posies
take that , now get lost
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot
Room for one more?
Guess who's stealing yo lunch
A family of Jerks
YOU KNOW NOTHING
I woke up with this little trash panda trying to break into my house at 5 in the morning
Eat it, young one
Oh, I’m sorry, were you paying attention to something that isn’t me?
Ooooooooooof
I think the dog that I saw lives in the year 3500
Cat being a dick
I've been finding bare patches in expensive new sod and found the culprit today.
Ducks holding up traffic in China. Jerks.
Daisy vs. The Hose
Dog summons the antichrist through flash reflection
"I'll just sit right here to clean myself"
Title
Oh, you were watching that?
"Here, I only weigh a ton, lemme just take a nap on you!"
My asshole cat leaving a present (some helpful arrows and a red circle)
Why do they always have to yell at me?.
He never saw it coming...
Needless to say, my rolls didn’t rise properly
You DARE wake me from my slumber, human?
Monkeys riding a pig like a horse
Poor kitty just trying to mind it's own business
Good Day to you, Sir!
My cat “choking” my other cat
Jerk Monkey punches girl in the face
Geese blocking Starbucks drive thru
Good luck washing your hands now mwhahahaha
Waking up to this “pillow” I was snuggled under.
I am trying to take a selfie
No...don’t bite the..see we just made that for..my god.
After a year living together, still a love-hate relationship with these two
This is our cat Charlotte. She is not familiar with boundaries, and has exactly zero shame.
Small dog is less annoying when he can't move.
When you get caught eating food meant for someone else’s meeting
Emu selfishly holding up traffic
Talk to the hand
Luna, after being caught red handed stealing catnip off the plant.
What is the point of a $100 dog bed except to eat it?
Another reason to keep an eye on your drink. Jerk!
Stop looking at me!
Emus being jerks
She tore up the toilet paper. Does this count?
[nsfw] thanks, Satan
Gizzy the Evil Cat. How she get my attention when I’m ignoring her!!
Friend of mine found out that this copperhead is a Jerk, bit him in his own shop, hiding in his tool box.
A cat! Is that a cat! It’s definitely a cat.. annnnd he’s gone.
This bastard just locked me out on my balcony
Impressing your date
Why all my plants end up ruined
Hippo grabs lion by its head
Aww - don't make me do this, human.
The rug thief!!
....what?
Kitty being a jerk
Meet Officer Pupper
Hello sir, kindly f*** off my territory!
I'll save you from drowning. Come here, friend.
Just kidding!
Boys will play when the woman isn’t home
Wake up and play with me!
She was not amused at her little brother’s shenanigans 🐶
going somewhere?
No need to look for AnimalsBeingJerks on Reddit, silly human.
is it being jerk?
She has a bed, but she chooses to lay down in front of the bathroom door.
This is not the greatest cat in the world, no. Deb is just a tribute.
Just try to fucking cage me again
Annoying brother
My cat “fixing” his mistake after shitting on the floor
This monkey snuck into my room and stole my Oreos then ate them in front of me
They started out so cute and pretending they were friendly...
With no regard for plant life
You can tell molly is getting along with her new sister
Darn wasps ruining art.
My dog jumped on my lap to block me from my sandwich and get some for herself
Monkey punches girl in the face.
This is the face of a girl who puked in my shower. No remorse whatsoever.
Caught on Surveillance: Inmate Escapes Prison
everything goes under the tv stand......
Blanket is a dog's best friend
a kick to the face.
Melon collie
What's yours is mine, and what's mine is mine.
Sea lion stealin a snack
Squirrel attacks deer
Only in German zoos
Lil Bully
You're doing an interview for TV? That's nice...
She just helps herself up here every time I play.
Get outta my bed
He refuses to be trained
Hey, that’s my dinner.
Boxer not happy he has to move over for the baby.
When the monkey magic has clearly worn off
All Bark and No Bite
All Bark and No Bite
When it's an hour past your girlfriend's scheduled feeding time.
Sneaky jerk
Cat or bed ?
Violent gang war
Hate when my cat does this.
She likes to flatten my flats after use. Or use them as sled.
Dog won't let his owner go for a swim
Poor little guy.
Cat or bed
His favorite position? Ass on face.
Frustrated doggo.
It looked at me and than started to shit
Mockingbirds annoying this hawk
Vlog Squirrel pulls a huge prank! (Gone wrong!) (Cops called!)
He just won't stop
Rescued orphaned babies. Sprayed twice.
Grin and bear it
If Cats were trampolines
lil jerk sits on my face and won’t even let me pet him
You mess with the swan you get the beak
Caught in the act
Elephant Mother has Calf Stolen by another Female
After being harassed for 5 minutes to be rubbed, I started doing it. Got 30 seconds, then he went bipolar on me.
Cat interrupts interview during news broadcast.
Turns out he doesn’t like visitors.
Panda is a vicious bully
Cat wants attention during live TV interview with Polish academic
My idea of a romantic evening.
Don't mess with anyone's Child, you'll get f***** up
Should've stopped a long time ago.
I finally get the writing bug and she goes and does this
My cat has been pulling underwear out of my drawer for like ten minutes now. He’s committed.
HMK while I race this man on the motorcycle!
Someone doesn’t understand personal space
Donkey being an asshole
The new Jurassic Park remake doesn't look any good.
This little jerk thinks he’s slick
My cat will not stop stealing my dirty underwear, nor will she release it after being caught red-handed.
I WILL steal your lunch, keys and wallet! Watch me!
Mischievous Cat is Caught
Canadian Sphynx - history, description and pictures
This is next level shit...
This is fine.
He's 17lbs and loves to sleep on me...
Dog parking
Hawk doesn’t like my mom
Sorry!
I refuse to talk about what might be touching my ear
What a nice warm box you have brought home for me for sits on.
You don’t want that cup of tea really
Hey, you’re not a hummingbird!
Brotherly love.
She hates being watched while eating!
...
Soothing seagull noises outside my apartment
this happened months ago and I’m still angry
Our cat stopped eating, but were still begging for food. Me and my SO bought a bunch of different food, but he wouldn't eat that either. Af…
He looks so proud of himself
This looks like a nice place to park my butt
Trying to even out the tan lines
Look at my empty bowl. Look at it!!
I tried to take a picture of my cat for a letter I wanted to send, this is what he gave me.
Smothered by love!
Gizzy the Evil Cat. How she get my attention when I’m ignoring her!!
No you may not sleep in on a Sunday
I touch you, you do not touch me.
Literally the only position my cat will sleep in is directly on my face.
Stop taping my Head, gods sake
Mooshi my little Maltese will do anything for her tennis ball.
Who cares about your work!
Fox steals golf club cover
Eating the plant
This crow is destroying my seat cushions. Why.
Gizzy the evil Cat! This is what I go through every time I try to leave!
Excuse me. That’s MY blanket!
Always be sure of your target and what is behind it.
Maybe you shouldn't play with your dog next time haha
It has been 20 minutes and he is still there
It’s cool, I’m not in a hurry or anything...
Dog being ungrateful
Why does this dog always look guilty?
"Boop! Pass it on"
I was hungover and just wanted to eat my burger and cuddle with my cats :(
Oh sure, come lie down
The epic battle between the elephant and a goose.
Alfred decided to take the human out for a spin today
Digging for an imaginary bone
It's important to teach children the cruel truth of hopes and dreams while they're still young.
Catch me if you can
The face of heartbreak and betrayal
Player 2 has entered the game!
For the 7 years old that Lucy is... The center of the counter has always been a "safe zone" to scoot food so she could not get it. That end…
For the 7 years old that Lucy is... The center of the counter has always been a "safe zone" to scoot food so she could not get it. That end…
This little monkey I met rifling through my pockets
I’m trying to teach him to high five me :(
Wat? Me? Nah, wasn't me.
"Fuck you and fuck your food"!.
Don't Touch Me Kiddo
Precious <3
The cat is perplexed in front of the hissing kitten the kitten
Brave kitten hisses at a big cat
PETA has to chill
Bird's poop
Guilty
Was unaware this stealthy murderer was casually suffocating my bestie as I laid not even a foot away
Sea dog eats all the fish
Knew something was up when i saw her face...
So shellfish.
Seal jerk
Remember that cat in the last episode of The Handmaid’s tail that was in every single scene?
I’m out...
Having some "fun"
That's how life goes xD
Your request to watch tv has been denied
A seal will steal
Big scratch
All you can eat buffet?
Pasture Stalkers
Great Dane zoomies knock out baby.
Who is the Boss?
My friend’s cat is NOT happy about meeting her new baby brother
It won’t work
Two naughty boys stole the postman’s lunch. (Xpost from r/MadeMeSmile
Bird being a cocky jerk.
My dog decided to try to escape from daycare by digging under the fence. She did not escape thankfully.
My cat is a little weirdo and likes to eat socks. Today, my boyfriend captured him threatening us during the heat wave.
She really disliked his bandana
Mine.
Fat Cat, Protector of the 1%
Sweet treat ends in grief after possum gets head stuck in empty Nutella jar, has to be rescued.
Breakfast! Breakfast! Breakfast!
Poor little guy
Stealth 100
Oi! The sign says "NO BLOODY DRONES"!
My dog lays down next to my sleeping wifes feet so that when they move she can can growl defensively about her bone.
Did she finally leave?
I imagine this is what having kids is like.
Nice try, jerk ;)
Too slow bitch
Cat vs dog.
Seal Steals Guy’s Fish
Fuck your pen
When you thought you had 3 points...
Absolutely nothing. He just did them a bamboozle
Pupparrazzi never learns.
All I wanted was a video to make me lots of karma. Was that too much to ask?
When you are a old grumpy cat and the young ones won't stop bothering you
Peach sneaks off to bed early, almost nightly, to steal her “little” brother’s bed. He just sighs and uses her small bed as a pillow, never…
Regulating the Cuteness
No fish for you!
Horse just wanted to say hi to my niece but knocked her over
That's Nacho Carrot bunny
Dogs chase cat up a tree
Perfect timing lol
I am being stalked by those two jackdaws at my work recently
The Joker cat and his kitten
he Joker cat and his kitten
fuck your remote!
YOU WILL LEARN TO SWIM NOW
Oooof!
Can I halp you?
Hamburglar's dog
Squirrel steals donut
This cat is acting real weird
Cranky cat doesn't like her glasses.
It drives me crazy when my cat gets into everything in the garage (please don’t kill me for that pun)
A dog from my old neighborhood chasing the Google maps car 😂
Crows Are Always Jerks to Ravens, Research Confirms (NatGeo)
How the long chase began
Don’t touch my catnip
15 yard penalty for roughing the pawser
just started the walk she was excited for...
Dog learning a very important lesson about waiting too long to chase your dreams at the dog beach. (x-post from /r/vancouver)
Cat bed my wife spent 6 hours making Vs pile of clean laundry
So my dog likes to take poops on bushes
Kitty wants a chip. Kitty takes a chip.
No explanation needed
Asthma dog
A sweet joke ;))
Heads or tails?
I think they want to tell me something
Cats in here are very friendly
Marbles is the name....... Mischief is the game 😹
Give me some fucking food! Now!
I think this belongs here.
Two suspects, both with motive & a long criminal history. Who is guilty?
Trying to poop in peace.
This is my thanks for giving him a pet.
Just let me figure out how to drive it and I will show you a thing or two
All fun disturbing this nest of baby spiders until one bit me.
Leave me alone hooman
Ebony
He must hate me
My cat looks so smug after taking my dog's spot
Resilient cat
Duck stealing a ride from another duck
Don't poop my food :o
Thanks for the food
This turtle is totally giving us the bird.
Just getting a piece of that
Peanut butter on the wall didn’t help, she jumped out and did this
Duck being ridden by another duck
Little DD will not let Luna have any of the toys.
Knocked on my window, the neighbors cat started moving towards me and just stare intensely at me
Don’t touch my sofa
Butt out buddy
My sister’s cherry thief
“From hell’s heart, I stab at thee.”
This looks like a good place to sit.
Pat me no not him meeee
Bird has got some jokes
Let me nope outta here really quick.
The attack on the tail
Sneaky cat.
Dogs. VERY good at slides.
Not a good boi
I was just trying to take a nice video
Oh, I'm gonna do *much* more than touchy this fishy.
“Screw this, you’re shit at FIFA anyway.”
Cats and dogs playing chess
Delinquent deer flee the scene after breaking into a barber shop
Have at thee!
Ever have a dream that you are trapped and can't move you legs?
Smol boye is a shoe thief
Leaving a Trail
I’ll just sit here
Random cat appeared in my garage
Is this the latest iRobot model?
Catching bae checking someone out
Feeling like a car owner
She has no regard for others hygiene.(OC)
Hooman gone blanket all mine
I didn't know if to call the police or animal control
The thanks I get for catching this falling armadillo!
His favorite spot when I’m watching tv
Trying to weave by your cat had other ideas.
Husky tells off owner
Bonus points for the steal at the end
Hey! Those are my cherries!
Left my glasses on HER counter while trying to have a bath....
Meet Frank
Lizars boy be stealing.
Her reaction when i say " i have another dog "
Cat Burglar.
Excuseme?!?!?!
He was obsessed with her bald head! 😭😱
where do you think you're going
So my cat loves butter
Let him in!!
I guess it's time to get up
Instigating for survival
This Cat is a Jerk
Fighting for the penthouse.
Ritual sacrifice to the Gobble God
(Blake Henderson voice) “Rude!”
where do you think you're going
My Food Now!
Cats and computers don't mix
"I do not share, get your own,"
She killed all the fish in the tank, yet she still expects something to move.
My turn lady!
When you catch the dude who's been sniffing yo girls butt at the bark park
My friends two cats first boxing match
Whatcha gonna do 'bout it, punk?
I called this spot!
Oh hello
They're both so jealous of each other.
Shark On Shark Violence
I’m done with the paper.
Died laughing at this one
Attempted murder
The biggest battle in history is about to unfold.
Elephant pushing the other
The look he gave me when I touched him...and right before he bit me
This little thief making a mad dash.
This dude still want to come in
No hooman, don't cycle... You must pet me!
Croc is a cannibalistic jerk
TiNy KiTtEn Is TrAmPleD To DeAtH
Swiper No Swiping!
Cat howls back
“I relax by petting my dog”
It's raining cats and balls
It’s a flat straightaway, how did you fall?
Elephant baby being a jerk
Lovely Cat 😊😊😊
Only one can have the toy
Big cat being a jerk to little cat
Spit happens.
Wonder who kept stealing my cigarettes
My cat that sleeps here every morning messing up the whole laptop
Enough with the drama
Removed from r/animalsbeingbros. Welcome here? He did help her down..
rare pupper destroys pillow for fun
Today my dog though my mom’s back was a great place to sit.
Just a normal day for Houston
$80 squirrel resistant bird feeder
When your dog is just like every other female
This horse wasn't having it
I *was* taking a nice photo of the cats getting along on my desk, but then while the camera app was loading Buffy decided to be a jerk
Fat cat won't let dogs eat their own food.
When your brother's face is the most convenient chew toy
Benji tries to be a good sport about it
Just trying to snuggle in
And Sully was being nice to Pudge.
Tiger steals food from a monk
Drama Queen=Jerk? My Shiba at the vet
Snake trying meet another snake.
[OC- turtle] this rock seems like a good place to sit...
na-nani?!
This doggo wants his pets.
The Bone Protector
The Bone Protector
Orca knocks a stingray out cold with its tail (NATGEO footage)
Yes, in fact I am trying to cool the whole neighborhood
"Trying to pack for your trip, huh? Well let me just park myself right here."...😛
He only likes the flavoring
My cats got ahold of their (full!!) bag of cat treats and decided to help themselves
"That's what you get for still having balls, Dave!"
"NO I'M NOT GOING" "NO I'M NOT GOING!" "WAIT! WHERE YOU GOING? DON'T LEAVE ME!"
Shark attack
Dog being a jerk while training
Swan very rudely trying to vandalize a sign
Stealing snacc
Cayde figured out how to open doors and uses this power to let the cat out
Murphy had just woken up from his nap. Maisie was laying down for hers
This bird destroyed a whole tree...
It's fine, they will go around me
Just finished filling up his pool, his response was to jump right in and take a p*$$ in it.
Move, Bitch! Get out the way...
This rabbit outside my house doesn’t like sharing with the squirrels.
Dog saves a Life
Oh you're trying to sleep? Let me just stick your whole face in my mouth.
Has her own fresh ice water...takes mine every time.
When you’re trying to put the dishes away and the space is ocupado
Guess which one of my cats is the dramatic one
Too early to go home
Overzealous K-9 Lifeguard
Sneak attack
Dog doesn't want his human to go to work (sound warning).
This is how they like to wake me up
Don't leave me!
Orangutan doing inspection.
Sea turtle DGAF
Pawkour
I don’t know who ate the flower, why would you even ask me?
No Chew Deterrent
Granny is missing her teeth
Cat takedown
Cat stops dog's effortful attempt at digging a hole
This pelican that tried to eat my phone at the Berlin Zoo
I’m trying to love you ffs
This is why my clothes are always hairy before i fold them.
Dog was making good progress until...
Oof
I was lying on my bed reading reddit on my iPad and this is where he decided to sit. iPad took the pic.
Someone isn't too into sharing.
I'm tired of you...
Is the camera rolling?
Holding hands
Fight of the century
The cat with cobra instinct
Best one yet!
Our dog is 75 pounds. My girlfriend is 100 pounds. Our dog has decided she doesn't deserve blankets or leg room and there is no moving her.
That's what you get for tailgating.
Sorry dad
A true dog sitter
He wasn’t about to take part in this whole what the fluff trend
Shift your feet lose your seat
No filming!
Cat Disrupting Workflow by Sitting on Tablet and Trying to Eat My Breakfast.
Cat decides to get involved
Bird knows whats good.
Monkey bully.
excuse me? can I have my water back, please?
Shhh, sleep now.
Excited to join the trend of “magic tricks for dogs” (xpost /r/videos)
Pileated woodpecker jacks a hummingbird feeder
I left my card game on the bottom shelf.
They were supposed to be in the front room but...
I recently got a cat...
My mom's hen can open a door
Everyday, my cat looks through the exact same spot on my balcony. So I cut him a little window. I swear he never looked through the window …
I got a cat recently...
My cat's butt-aiming skills are not great.
Pigeons Fight
Leave me alone
It WAS someone’s lucky day
I’ll just be taking that
Challenge gone wrong...when your dog doesn’t care about you disappearing 😂
Busted
The Karate Cat
Left my glasses on HER counter while trying to have a bath....
Squirrel steals donut from a cop.
This doggo is squishing this poor catto
"My cat went to the neighbours to borrow their tiger toy. Again."
"My cat went to the neighbours to borrow their tiger toy. Again."
Always watch your back :D
The door only opens from the inside...
Elephant seals fighting
My cat not giving an F this morning
It’s that she looks proud of what she did
Horton hears a BITCH
Monkey pushes his friend off a ledge
Crow Versus Lorikeets
Excited puppers.
Dis chair squeermy (xpost from IfIFitsISits)
Kitten just wants to play....
The rabbits want to know why there is a putty cat in their litter box!
This is not what you wanna see🙁
"It's my bed now. What are YOU gonna do about it?"
angry duck
Nom nom nom
This crow stole a sandwich and doesn't want to give it back
Bam!!
Ever get the feeling others trample all over you?
Northeastern Tree Jerk redecorated my kitchen.
Direwolf lol
Asshole cat attacks arm
Here kitty kitty kitty...
Penguins slapping each other
selfish bastard steals from his pregnant wife
My dog inadvertently(?) being a jerk: Dreaming with his nails perfectly positioned by the baseboard.
My friend’s pup loves his new home!
When your mum is mad at you for no reason
When lounging is life
Hitcat attempting to earn a lobster dinner
You know what would make your bath even better?? 🙄
Met this goat yesterday, he looked friendly but decided to headbutt me :)
My cat is transmutating
So I hate birds now......
Minutes after we painted the windowsill
When I firmly told him no when he tried to step on my desk. He stared at me like this for 5 minutes.
I dare you to
Clever raccoon vs bird feeder
Autumn cat taking up all the space.
Wanna watch your football, eh?
Cant even take a video without shenanigans
My cat Swiper has a growth
Well, looks like he dont want me to go shopping...
I'll just lay right here...
He has his own bed, he decided to go and sleep on his brothers bed, he also decided to take up the whole bed.
Cat Burglar
God Damn Shit-hawks...
kitten vs cat
Wait for it...
They saw that the camera was rolling, had an opportunity and took it.
You could say I live in a rough neighbourhood.
Revenge
Does not allow himself to stroke
I didn’t give you permission to stop petting, hooman...
Feed the damn cat immediately!
smallest monkey in the world
Just wanted to say hey
How? Just how?
Yes This Spot Will Work.
No thanks, I prefer your hand
This place looks comfortable
Go find your own couch.
私はエアベッドで爪研ぎをし穴を開け空気を抜きました。 楽しかったです。I punctured the Air Mattress with my claws. It was fun 🐈
The ferret takes a bath
Rawr
They can’t hug you with their fins, only their mouths.
Weimaraner and fireworks season equals
Farcry turkey in real life.
Not remotely sorry
You thought a cat was bad...
The dog is not allowed in the baby's room
Resident elementary school Cliff Swallow mean mugs children from nest overlooking exit to the playground.
He was sleeping so nicely and she ruined it! Instant karma though 😂
no, u cannot read paper
No Cheeto for you!
That costed me $30 you little shit
We learned after seeing this that Timmy has a spinal injury.
Sir, can I have some? Fine, I'll just take it!
Pigeon: „Can I help you with something?“ Customer: „No, I‘m just looking, thank you“ *looks twice* WTF?!
Sometimes Annabel likes to hold mandatory grooming time for her meow puppy.
He found the perfect place to sit
Long live the king
Tried to move her bed outside the crate and it became a toy
For once I'd like to finish making the bed
A tale as old as time.
My friends cat is hardcore judging me.
The look on that dogs face is priceless
Meanwhile in Russia
Heart Breaking ...
Always watching. Slowly opened the door, scared me half to death. Thought I was alone.
Damn it Karen
This is my mom’s cat, Floyd Meoweather. Here he is giving Purrsilla a hug she very much did not want. After this he went and ate the rest o…
Swan learns to read, disagrees with sign and discovers irony.
Well..I guess I don't get to open my own mail anymore
Impending bitch slap
I can always trust my cat to bring me a dead rat at 1:30 in the morning...
Lazy bird just wants a ride
Murphy wants them buns!
Murphy wants them buns!
I have never felt so judged in my entire life.
I mean he totally baited her by sitting somewhat close to her
From scared orphan kitty to resting jerk-face cat... Cleaver: Destroyer of productivity and self confidence.
I told my husband to stop giving the cat so many treats
My friends cat is hardcore judging me.
Just discovered them doing this, it's only a $600 pool vacuum.
My wife and I are on our way to a wedding in Vermont and we pulled over on the highway to switch drivers and as soon as we got out our cat …
I think we should see other people.
Elvis refuses to share the remote
The new pixza rat.... Tortilla rat!
I will just sit here
A Peaceful day outside
Monkey Cronicols
The joy of little brothers :p
Oh Billy... now that's just humiliating
Just like human...
Turtle trying to drown a croc
The other dog having a sniff is the real jerk
So... You killed the teddy for destroying your bed?
Every time I try to eat popcorn
Kitten's "WTF was that for?" look gets better every loop
My Husky has been an asshole lately and has refused to shit outside. We put down a puppy pad in his favorite spot to maybe minimize the dam…
Mean cat!
Only one can live!
No touchy!
Don't just stand there, move!
don't hit me, bro!
My monstrosity saying good morning
No, you must not clean the table
He knows I need to work yet he stays unbothered while I do it.
Hogging my bed
No one calls me cute!
Rare white giraffes caught on camera for the first time
Monkey doesn’t appreciate a squirrel butting in on his jackfruit eating session.
Orca being a dick.
Waking up from my nap.
Dog pissing on a loiterer
I already caught my tail, now let me catch yours!
Watch out pizza rat, this is sandwich squirrel
The cause of the massive 76-E traffic
Dolphin thinks it’s a lap dog.
A message to my enemies.
Like Man, like man
Good luck washing your hands now mwah ha ha!¡!¡!¡!¡
I think I'll sit here
The dog speak
I’ll just sit on you until you give me your seat
My cat does this all the time and scratches me if I try to move him
Kicking out the annoying sibling.
An aggressive version of a neck massage.
What’s this taste like?
Dog has no shame.
Bad boy
You knew it was coming
Crow Golfer
ACCESS DENIED.
Target him!
...
Surprise bro!
Spiky boi made me look
A Mans “Bestfriend”
Why sit on hard wood when you can sit on soft mom?
Don't touch me!
Steamrolling your friend.
That bich ruined their day
Interrupting the yoga session.
I get the last tap
Hole in one
Don’t touch me, I mean it!
dogs' face
You now belong to cat.
I've had to resort to a keyring after 5 escape attempts including biting through zip-ties. (Her name is Olive BTW)
Don't mind me, ruining your work.
Going undercover to steal food from his friends.
I'm just going to sneeze in your face
It sits! Do not disturb!
Greylord thinks skateboards are for punks
He has his own fresh water not ten feet away
Defiance.
Friendzoned
I’m just gonna lay down on both of you.
"Unexpected move from the referee!"
Thanks, Dad! You lay on Cat Grass, right?
One wrong move and i will kill you!
Dog stealing a backpack
The very brief, 4-page story of a jerk who liked sinks.
This is the literal meaning of this sub
Die bix
One of my rats insists on smushing her sister
Your not getting my food!
Not leaving fast enough (OC)
Wee, Wee, Weeeeee!
He does this each and every morning. It doesn't wake him up anymore. "Thanks for getting me a booster seat for the window, Dad!"
My tolerant dog
That was quite the build up
Sheldon cooper: and thats y penny, i hate rabbits!!
Spending time for the cat :)
Can't eat in peace anymore
Escape
Vampire puppy?
He closes the humans outside of the car, perfect jerk.
Being a cameraman is hard
Hunting.
"I brought you a present."
when the nicest guy in the class comes for ur help and u hurt him too!
My puppers is afraid the kitty is going to eat her food.
Stealing the little human's backpack before he even gets off the bus.
Every time we eat...
Smol chomp
Man's best friend
Rookie attempts suffocation
I can has just a lick!
That’s dog years sir
Holly is a giant Diva. Johnny tries everything to keep her happy, but... See yourself :(
Either I'm the jerk for disrupting his nap or he is for plotting my murder
She always takes his bed
Sorry guys but that's for me
Attack
Oh, I’m so sorry! I, I didn’t realise you were in here. Hope I haven’t disturbed you, too much. Anyway... I’m just going to go.. go back do…
The kitten is a little greedy
The kitten is a little greedy
When you think cat is friend but you get blind sided
Enjoying Gorilla tracking
That’s a lotta damage !
When you have siblings
Fight Club
Little extra protein
Just wanted to take a nap
She just wanted to model with the snake :(
Someone loves sleeping on the table
Teddy moved in recently and kicked the dog out of his own bed.
Hitman: Dog Edition
Polly is my cat. Apparently they don't like each other.
Best Of Immature Dogs Compilation
Crab With Knife About To Attack
My 20 pound dog takes the big bed in the office leaving her little bed for my boss's 110 pound pupper
Things starting to get a little pugly in here.
You're not gonna drink that
Just a cat doing cats things
Horse does watch where he's walking.
Killer Whale Slaps Oblivious Stingray
Jealousy.
Go away... this my house now!
I took my Scottish out to watch the England match tonight. He’s not happy.
I don't want in the bathroom, June 2018
Mine!
Clever girl
rare footage of a tortoise fighting a crocodile
House comes with a built in mail shredder.
Shake Dry
Play with Me
Do you mind?
Saw this at a customers house. Sure enough 3 hours of barking while I did my install. I can’t say they didn’t warn me... lol
Thomas, the young hunter
No time for losers when the dinner bell rings.
My Evil Cat holds me Hostage
Poor kitty
The couch cushion will do I guess...
r/AnimalsBeingJerks has reached 1 million subscribers!
Sausageberg
Cat being a cat
Two small bears throws up hands.
My roommate's Shiba Inu stood on my boob 4" from my face until I gave her scratches.
Even the derpiest animals can be jerks
Won’t let me unwind after a long day
"Hows your day going?", said Kowalski. "Quite shitty", replied Rico.
My two cats having it out
Oi, get up that's my seat.
Case abducts his foster sister.
Fuck you Sting Ray
Today I got bitten by a squirrel.
I just wanted a cute video
This couch hog-dog.
evil doggo whips poor kitty
I caught her being nice to her sister. She was not amused!
He would do anything to not get wet...
Koi fish refusing to let a squirrel drink.
When I leave town for work my cat HATES me for days when I get back
Dont mind me, I love laying on your head!
Brutal shark attack caught on tape
A hawk helps a snake crash a party
My cat said she liked vintage merlot, but the truth is she only drinks boxed wine.
Woke up this morning to this surprise
Cat being a cat
Cats Vandalising Since Forever
You let it get away!
Unscheduled Chinese food pitstop on the way to our wedding
Doggo drowns hooman
All he wanted was a hug
Don’t ignore me
Dont mind me...I love laying on top of your head!!
this crab threatening you
They took the dog swimming for the first time
Semuliki National Park
Octopus rodeo riding an eel.
Starfish riding an eel.
Nom nom
humans smh
The cat has real anger issues. And the dog behaves like pussy.
The Swan.
when u need help but u are also a jerk
It’s like a cat with wings
That's what you get for moving!
The Gentle Giant and the Little Jerk
I want chips, all of the chips!
OK cat... guess I'm done working on my puzzle for now
You're the best!!
Come on my friend... You eat the banana, too (one side is swollen)
The quintessential cat
They knew what they were doing. Decoy then move in!
My boy likes eating hair.
Dog testing the size of the cats head
Cat launcher
I came downstairs to check up on her
I just wish Star would give big Sam a bit more of HER bed.
I SAID WAKE THE F UP, HELEN!
My dog thinks he is protecting us
Nature is going wild...
This crab wants you dead
Thats not how you welcome your new brother.
I swear every time I go to lay down she crawls in my blanket and stares at me :3
Player 3 has joined the game.
I didn’t like that aerial anyway...
Chomp
Sassy
Jackal messing with a lion.
Sassy Cat Girlfriend
He refuses to move for the rest of his life.
Marken in Holland, eating together with birds
Do not wear yellow! • r/india
u told u got me a gift karen !!!
Hi-5!
https://rwandagorillatracking-safaris.com/rwanda-safari-news/know-anything-gorillas-gorillas-described/
It wasn’t me..
He wanted to wake up, but I wasn't ready. So he opened the blinds right in my face
Girl is late to go to work
This one's for Steve!
Dead
🔥 Killer whale slaps the shit out of an oblivious stingray 🔥
Fake coughing
Ray minding his own business when...
Pecking the wrong tree
I still ate it
For Steve!
Reason number 1 we will not be getting our security deposit back
Jerk Level 100
Cats ignoring beds is "trending..." How about dags destroying beds?
She really hates sweatpants...
Well
Won't give you that bread, bi***!
Get your own Johnnie W.! This is mine!!!
Titan will learn Carlos doesn't share in time young one in time
Habit of moving his bowl around daily backfired when he shoved it between the desk and door...
Give a cat a bed, he will blatantly ignore it... every. damn. time.
Killer whale is obviously a big Steve Irwin fan.
Taking out the tiny human using bubbles.
These geese don't work in the office, nor are they red tag holders. (And that is my spot, goddammit.)
Angriest Head Bumps EVER
Hoomans don't scare me
Feeding time...
Don't go in the high grass!
My girlfriend tried to make oatmeal
Dog TV : broadcasting from 6am when he sits on my feet
Probably siblings.
Bird won't leave!
Horsing around
Circle of life
Oh crap...
Yaaaawn
Open wide!
"Walking your dog is a great way to bond with them and helps reduce stress."
I Love Taking Pics Of Her In Her Many Positions
Mr. Steal your girl
Got this text from my mother...
Why do I even buy you shit?
Our dog walker just sent us this pic and said our cat wouldn't stop screaming at him
SAY "what" again! I dare you! I double-dare you, motherf@#%er!
Shoplifting squirrel
Kittens coming through!
Deer are rude
Tag You're It
Doggo found a supersized toy
Nathan HATES the puffy vest
This is why we had to get a mail box... before we got one this is what she done to our letters 🐶
Pulling rank
Move, Bitch! Get out the way...
I just wanted to give my love....
Doggo ruining his sister’s birthday.
Mountain Parrot Rearranging Traffic Cones
Faster human, faster
Cha Cha! cha cha cha!
I never really liked that couch anyway!
My cat’s way of telling me I have a drinking problem.
Life goal, blocking 2 tvs at once.. Success!!
Momo the jerk stole a blanket & pillow to make a new & improved bed right next to his big nice bed
Just trying to build his kennel, but he wants to sit on everything.
My “ ginger beast” and her evil “ familiar “
Finally found out who has been knocking over my catnip.
Pick on someone your own size!
The easy way
Steve Irwin And The Bearded Dragon
Get off my coffee table 🐁
Pigeon courtship
Bird can’t chill.
Jerk dog being a jerk
What a nice whale...
Get your fill, ya jerk
Sneak Level 100
Mugging a peacock.
Not cool.
birbs make the best alarm clocks
Just helping me to pluck out unwanted hair!
My bird-loving mom who gets to work from home in Northeastern PA.
I need dis.
Hello? It’s me again!
Hit sensei has no respect for young house panther in training
Guess tacos are off the menu tonight
Jerk stole a roll of toilet paper and disappeared with it.
Waltzing right in without an appointment.
"Some bird has been biting my laundry"
Hope he founds it comfortable
LET ME GET PAST, GOD DAMNIT!
No.
The best Cat Picture of all times
Grandma had a pretty $#!% time at the zoo
Our red bone coon hound (Carl) regularly does this to our basset hound (Jake). The whole family is waiting for the day when Jake goes wild …
Meet Saffron. She’s not allowed upstairs alone anymore due to a pee incident. Her daily act of rebellion is escaping to the top of the stai…
he got a little too excited there
Beluga scaring little kids
Jack is my Devil Child
What are you lookin at Bitch!!!!
But I wanted to has chair!
Doggo brings an unwilling friend
You win this round doggo
Bison Jerks (from r/unexpected)
Another maze for the dog
Beluga discovering the power of scaring kids.
The chubbiest of floofs
Rescue cat who never leaves its bed
Fuckin asshole
So I guess I won’t be having any Froot Loops.
Bison Being a Douche [X-Post from /r/Unexpected]
loVlEY Day FOr a swIM
Family spends a month nurturing a caterpillar until it finally changes into a butterfly - then they free it...
"I wonder what he's hiding up there"
Good boy treat??
Elephant siblings
eating from our kittens bowl in a bar of rebellion against a new cat in the household
An every day thing
Damn...
Good BoyTreat??
The cutest little jerk there is
This guy tried to help the wrong geese
We hanged the clothes higher but she still tries to eat them
Endless entertainment....
Dis mine
Puzzle plop
My bed
Puppy discovers a water bowl
Little annoying fuck..
Looks like it needs protein
This guy tried to help the wrong geese
Dog Stealing Fireworks
Does my dog look weird to you
I'm sure he's just trying to help
He’s coming for you.
HMK while I lure my brother into the pool.
May I steal this dance?
Hold still so I can eat your face
Floofe Annoys Patient Cat [x-post r/aww]
Don't mind if I do
Silent but Deadly
Shark snatches dinner
Hey that's mine!
Doggo is amused
FEED US NOW
Bison being jerk
My dog has a thing for stealing socks
This is what defeat looks like.
Is this jerky enough?
Stealing the popcorn
I was working in a customers home and this guy is blocking the sidewalk.
My friend was sleeping over and he wanted attention
Ok, I tried to ignore him, but this fluff ball isn't going away.
Eating the laundry basket
This isn’t going to end well.
A cat trying to third wheel
He put out the nectar and everything.....
Cat annoying a good boy
Even baby tanks annoy their moms from time to time.
Taken by my friend a few years back. Didn’t even care they were caught.
When you least expect it...expect it.
Awoo scares the kitty
Tag. You’re it. Suckaaaaa
You now have a new yoga instructor.
Basically the opposite of dad reflexes.
Hitbirb says move it.
Monkeys being assholes.
Poor octopus was just trying to play tag with the crab.
Let me just... There you go
Nom nom nom
Don't let anyone push you around!
My dog got excited that I woke up and decided to try and kill me (with love)
How a blind cat wakes her owner every morning.
I was fishing when I noticed some of the fish disappearing. Then I saw this little fella
The cutest little jerk.
Chubby doggo sitting on her poor sister
Not sure where to post this... Mr.Bowe showing me that park time isn’t over yet. He doesn’t care if I have to rush home.
You just painted this? It would be a shame if someone shat on it
Poor black guy was beaten by this lady (17 years old) in his own garden. She's coming back satisfied. Girls...
He’s stuck between the window and the bars.
Fidget spinners are out
Who needs enemies when you have friends like this.
This dog who refused to move for anyone passing
Well, someone’s cranky.
Get outa my spot, loser
TAG, you're it!
Never invade a cats personal space
Cat vs Lays
GTFO
Puppy Doesn’t Like to Share!
Frank being a jerk after my sister petted a friend's puppy
Listen to this
What did I do?
Nice try frank, but you're not going anywhere.
There's always that one guy
Will you just let me sleep??
She’s the only reason we have lids on our trash cans...it’s going well.
Too slow.
hitfish murders ipad
I caught the demon coming out of my pup
These doggos have no modesty.
my bitch ass dog had me running around the whole neighbourhood looking for him and he was just under my deck the whole time
I'll take care of that for you
Zoo keeps tabs on its naughtiest and most well-behaved penguins of the month.
Hit and run.
Motherhood isn't for everyone!
Apparently, a selfie was too much to ask for.
Horse trying out a zipper.
Feed the dog, not the ducks!
Ain’t having it
Ok I guess It’s yours now
You will pet me... And you will pet me now!
puppy and his friend don't exactly have matching energy levels
My dog piddled out a shark
Let me just use you as a pillow
What's mine is mine.. and what's yours is mine too!
Well, that sucks
Slipper thief
Hitcat strikes again
I wonder who could’ve knocked all those books off the shelf while I was at work... 🤷‍♀️
Being a sore loser
Human, your face goes where??? Hmmm, interesting...
I love you too :)
Just Click Already
Such a hard worker!
Slipper Stealer
WHY ARE YOU EATING THROUGH THE BAG??? THERE'S FOOD IN THE BOWL!!!
My name is Aidan. I am old and usually very sweet, but last night I pooped on my dad's leg.
Asshole elephant
You will pet me... And you will pet me now!
"You will pet me... and you will pet me now!"
Puppet just wants to play with the ball!
Cats make terrible parents
Crocodile eats beloved terrier that had spent a decade taunting it
Sleepy Sleepy.. No I am Awake
Kiss my As*
2-Hamsters-1-Wheel
STAAAHP and let's play
Hey, watch this
Crashing through my screen door
This sea lion stole there fish
Repeated attempted murder
A POEM: I feed you. I water you. Yet... you laugh at me. Every. Night. As if I don’t matter.
Ding-Dong Ditched by a Bluejay
My dog has ignored my cat through her whole existence. Here’s them lost at sea 😂
Bear eating all the bird food
Basset hounds don’t “play,” baby emu.
nice litter box
Stealing a putt
Move over it's your turn.
Leela is very proud of her gardening skills!
I don't want to drink, I want to swim!.
Wut?
“I swear I didn’t do it.”
That monkey will just kick u if u try and put a shirt on it
Was wondering what a class of kids were gathering around
My dog chased an injured crow in the park. The other crows were NOT happy...
She stole my slipper and played with it for a few seconds, then came back and stole the second one.
Tag, you're it!
I don’t care that my brother is sick, he smells like the vet
She’s definitely over our shit
Stop it, bad kitty!!!
Taken between attacks for being on my own bed.
Sweet and Sour Duck
Majestic creature invades home and shits on our floor.
Horse photobombing another horse
Can't even use the restroom in peace
Don't you dare get up
Woodpecker is evicted from its home.
HMK While I Play King of the Hill
Where do you think you’re going?
Comfy seat
Lady and the tramp
Where do you think you're going?
How was your trip to the zoo?
Super excited to get this big comfy chair for our reading loft. Hopefully I'll get to use it one day.
Mom shows kids the proper way to release their butterfly (formerly their caterpillar)
My Cock being a jerk, dont think he likes being recorded..
Cats...
Nigerian Bichier Ate All The Shrimp
I thought my turtle was vegetarian
My Cat litterally took a shit in my Bed...
"Ah You think darkness is your ally? You merely adopted the dark, I was born....oh okay 😐"
Pelicans Invade Graduation
When you take a selfie
I'm sure this has been posted a thousand times but.. Jesus Christ Fenton!
“Yup I broke it, say something!” 😹
So this just happened. He gets the necklace of shame.
You don't need the computer
Dog gets into an argument.
“If you thought I was moving out, you were wrong!”
My cousin received a motion notification on his phone, he was expecting his girlfriend not this asshole.
An ostrich saw an opportunity and took it
Oh look birds!
Wait! Let me help you!
Geese are total Jerks. Wait for it....
Get in line, peasant
Cat stole Oliver's bed when he left it unattended for two seconds (in reality they're best friends)
Pug Pulls a Cats Tail
A polar bear broke into a hotel in Svalbard.
Had to remove two drawers and almost all the contents just to get her out !
She's stoned
She Started It
Found this, Donkey is just trying to prevent sewer work it seems!
I just wanted a friend!
I wanna nite some green thing
It's a work bench, not a nap bench
Don't mind him.. he's just trying to fit in.
Amazing click of turtle underwater
Get down Mister President
STOP PETTING THAT ANIMAL!!!! PET MEEEEE FOR GOD SAKES!
You were done with that, right human?
He looks directly at the camera right before he does his deed
Not today bird...
Dumb kitty
My laptop....MINE!!!
Fuck You Tiger!!!
Exhausted after a day of destruction
My chicken has some big balls fly kicking the pony
Kid being an a**hole
The Best Example Of Self Control
Stop hitting yourself
Doggo sees your photoshoot, doggo don't care...
I finally caught the jerk who keeps pooping on my car doors and scratching up my side-view mirrors!
Will the guilty one please look up? (After plucking the pedals)
Disrespectful cows. One might say they were being “jerky”...(whaa whaa)
He even looks into the camera and says "yo watch this"
Cat attacking a furry friend (x-post: r/gifs)
Nice fish you got there....
You weren’t going to drink the rest, right?
Out of the way hooman!
Had to go through 2 years worth of my mum's mail, Felix was no help at all
I’ll take that
Spent a couple of months growing some catnip/cat grass for them and ~ 1 m^2 of regular grass for them to hang out on, and they choose the p…
My dog thinks that water is alien😂🤣
Goat knocks out cow
Smile
You ever seen Ben Franklin? Say no more.
x-post from r/Dogberg
Only coming over if you have food.
Now you know😂
I have total control in my house.
I guess I'm done with my coffee then..
In The Birds Defense That Soup Looks Tasty
This little goat got a bit too excited...
Nice puzzle you got there
NSFW "Knock knock..."
My dogs at five in the morning, bonding...I think.
Wait for the jerk moment
Ava is the queen of shade
you should turn on voice, is not it sweet too?
Mina revels in destruction
A merciless hit and run
Corgi picking a fight
Can’t even use the PC
Every.Single.Morning. teasing my cats
“Puts doors there to keep animals out” Him: “Proceeds to open door anyway”
I think be cool in the genes of the cats
No room for me lay down...
Goats are the biggest jerks. Honey was jealous that Star was getting attention.
Husky goes Savage. Apprehended before he could start a howl
That esCATlated quickly.
You came into the wrong neighborhood, worm!!
Fearless little duckling
Gnarly
Dog launches man into pool
Not on the first date, no ma’am!
Bat decided it wanted to come visit
Mother Duck
Sure, help yourself. I didn’t want any noodles anyway.
Yo! wake up and get me outta here jerk
Pompadour duck doesn't want to get the do wet.
Cat "helps" finish jigsaw puzzle.
When you come home to this.. Turtle: “Just one more game!!”
Gotcha
Just monkeying around
She was doing this for fifteen minutes
Garnished. You're welcome, you savage.
So close
Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer....
Leo chasing the sheep
That's my food
This is MY gutter!
"I thought the machine wasn't doing good enough!"
Lmao
Moose vs biker
I guess I’ll just park somewhere else...
Nah....
Why does my cat always have to touch my face
Deer crashes into gym Rockford, Mi
“Did I say stop?”
“Meow”. Awww..... !%#$!!! What a little scrunt!
Food first. Then more food
My buddy tried taking a nice picture at Crescent Beach, CA but his dog had other plans
He just barely touched his tail
oops
Moose being a jerk to cyclist
Moose shows cyclist who's the boss
She's so sick of my shit.
Moose shows cyclist who's the boss
My dog claimed my only pillow. guess I'm not sleeping tonite
Get your own box!
Hungry fish going for the nippers
Rule 1 of the schoolyard: do not touch another cat’s tail.
I said, "Don't touch me! "
Fight level: willing to drop its nut
Cat going for a sneaky snack
Bird survived!
You saw nothing, human
Cat Viciously Attacks Sleeping Dog
What are you doing?
ill just do this then.
He just barely touched his tail
ill just do this until you react.
Rattata used Exorcism
Making the most out of a bad situation
He is why I never get my security deposit back.
Friends?
"Hey! Occupied!"
My cat found the nip last night
Little over the top don’t you think?
Cat delivers crushing left hook that leaves dog completely stunned.
Damn geese
A sexy sexy photo;)
My puppy destroying a Christmas tree last Christmas
Moose Destroys a Robotic Lawnmower
How to pet a cat 101 [saw this some time ago on reddit, reposting cuz I saw this again on fb and it made me laugh]
SAY THAT AGAIN
Nice photobomb.
The kid gets it.
Adult monkey with weight problem needs more food than small baby
My dog is not sorry. Second turtle captured in an hour.
Angry cat doesn't let the guy leave the bathroom
My cat is mean
Capercaillie humping a man
Monk minding his own business.
Welcome to splash mountain.
This is what I woke up to this morning. You came to the wrong neighborhood, motherclucker
Mailcarrier gives pug the stinkeye gravity takes over
Never taught to hunt. Only ever retrieved balls. Returned home with this for Mother’s Day.
I was just trying to give you a pettin!!!
...wha...?
This jerk got a bone stuck on her jaw yesterday. Vet had to cut it off.
This is MY couch!
Snuggle time!
Man’s best friend
My table!
Scaredy-cat stalks scaredy-pug
She found a bag of potting soil.
Last Day of School Photo - SMILE!
Actual visualization of how it looks to overreact lmao
There’s always that one kid
So Lilly met Humphrey today...
Everyday this pheasant in my neighborhood waits for cars to pass so he can chase them down our street.
Super Cat.
Sex on the hood 😂
Run away!!
Caught him nibbling my blanket😂
Watch this, kid
Sleepy time stiff arm
I gots clean teefies now
This crow came all this week and do this.
Boxer dog with major attitude when bone is taken away
Koala bear won't share
Rejecting human
No kiss for you
So. I ordered 1000 crickets. I'd say a few of them escaped...
Twat
Went to take out the recycling and was attacked by a vicious monster!
Sheep Shepard
She really likes Cheetos
Uninvited dinner guest
Stop that!
Satan’s Greatest Creation
No one messes with me
Found on r/funny
Dog jerky
Doggo swears she's going to leave him one of these days
No kiss for you!
Monkeys are worse than MOST cats
Guess my HOOMAN got me a new poop place.
If you sit next to her she glares until you move.
Family of geese blocking two semi's on freeway
That M on his forehead stands for Menace....
The face of acceptance
I said no pictures
Ehm... Excuse me... Oh, well...
Cat won’t leave good boye alone
Floyd vs. bumblebee
Took this jerk out at 12:45am before bed, found him lounging like at the beach. Apparently he did this to my GF at 11 and 3am as well.
Sometimes when you love someone so much it can hurt.
Don’t mess with the 🐒
Cool cat
Hit and Run
No sniffing zone!
Anyone else see the teeth marks in my charcoal soap? Rosie doesn’t seem to know anything about those mysterious tooth marks (lighting isn’t…
Bah gawd! That cat has a family!
Jerkface Rhino
Dog wants to join
i kill cars...
I won't let my child have fun. Not on my watch
Circular attack. That's new.
In a large family, the beak does not click
This looks like a good place to sit.
He’s pissed that his bed is in the washer, so he’s lying down IN THE LITTER BOX HE JUST USED and glaring at me.
You caught this? I caught this.
Deer taunting the train driver
Eagle tries to take foxes meal
Oh, they're home early. Quick, act natural.
A Bold Woodpecker
My dog does not appreciate pictures...
Men can relate
So this is my girlfriends Ferret trying to steal dog food.. at first i thought it was funny and she had no chance of getting it.. lol
Right as I was about to unpack my cat decides it's a good spot to sleep
Traffic on your route is not as usual. Hazard reported ahead.
She has a whole farm where she can sit anywhere, yet she chooses to sit on the cat time and time again
This pigeon just wanted to learn how to fly.
It’s just a prank guys
Evil monkey
Lift them up and they crap all over you.
It started out with a kiss how did it end up like this
Bald Eagle snatches a fox holding a rabbit...
Corgi in my pocket and my corgi loves to stay on my pocket :)
Cat incites conflict
Human food? Kitty pooed.
Bull: Shit...
Toooooo close
Spend a small fortune on bowls ... still the preferred method...
Wake up you lazy pig!
Too slow
HAHAHA no thanks!
Fake News
Bald eagle stealing a rabbit from a fox
HELLO!
Using the bread as bait...
My garden!
The Devil has been summoned. And it is husky.
Yup. That sums it up quite nicely.
Slap attack!
I made dis
Thought she was lost until I found her out here.
He always looks at me just before he does the thing I tell him not to do.
doggo says "Luv new daybed mum!"
Bees trying to ‘subtely’ kill humans...
My girlfriend and I wanted to eat breakfast, but the cats has other plans
My little cat
My Cat’s Jerk Instinct of not wanting to admit she was wrong about wanting to go outside is stronger than her feline instinct to not want t…
I dont even understand how he got the paper towels, but no the less... no shame
Little sisters suck.
"I don't know what I did."
I didn't want the water anyway 😑
A fly harassing seal trying to chill
This Jerk
Little predator
Wait but he didn’t know that it was being flipped off... monkey’s just a jerk
Monkeys being assholes.
Morty will not let us have fridge magnets.
This asshole monkey in my neighborhood...
so funny
Knocking things in the tub is also relaxing
Oh you were reading were you?
Golden takes pug out
Showdown,red power against the dark forces
Cat pressed,I barely breathe
Say cheese...
Kitty asks delicious food
The kitten asks for a treat
Someone got into some food coloring they shouldn't have
You weren't gonna eat it anyway
Smiley Dog :)
This dog can't take these young pups no more
She wouldn't let me get on Reddit to post this.
Just a normal day... in a Gujarat village
My cat suddenly decided he was done with being brushed. 2nd pic in comments! ""Mild blood warning""
2 kittens took over this girl's table at the canteen in my college campus
Never try to take a selfie with an animal. I know now.
Every time I try to workout at home...
Getting in a good workout
Getting in a good workout
Bro to robots, jerk to other cats.
🐾 CAN I HAZ UR COFFEE?! ☕️
Man's best friend
Dad cat with his kitten
I`ll take this one
My little dumbass right after getting groomed and being told to do anything but jump in mud.
Mean kitty has the ball now
Too slow buddy....
My judgy-ass dog likes judging people in the pools
Maybe I can get a refund on this
🐾🐾🐾SHHHHHH... a squirrel... 🐾🐾🐾
This alligator bitting the other alligators foot off...
Attack
The Turtle:
He’s sleeping, okay?
Dog dropped one on a turtle
Every. Time.
There’s a fuck’in pillow pet outside
Kitty stooop!
Gotcha.
Squirrel invades bar
Gorilla splashes tourists with water
Cat is flipping me off for putting papers in HIS chair.
Stop filming, put the camera away
”What you looking at??”
So Lily met Humphrey today...
Stopped to take a picture of this little family and this daddy goose got all pissed off and protective.
It's been a shitty day
“I got hungry”
Boy Bye
Man’s best friend
How Dare He.
This dog just wants to play
Toddler + hose + dog [xpost u/childrenfallingover]
Sharing a banana
You will leave when I SAY you can leave
My cat is a complete moron
Боря give me the bread
Toddler + Water Hose + Dog
Oh you're working?
My cat telling on his new dog roommate (meowing until I came to look)
AnimalsBeingJerks
Little goat got into the tortoise pen
Horse bullying cameraman
I've had enough of you!
She's always proud of the mess she makes...
My kitten savagely attacking his brother
Hole in one!
Duck Duck WHAT THE F%CK!
Can't a guy lick his nether regions in peace?
In case you were wondering what it’s like to move cats into a new house
He's not amewsed.
Dog gets jealous over turkey hugging man
Boris, blyat, give me my bread!
And I'm scared of bees flying at me
I finally figured out why my garage wouldn’t shut
Seagull does a disrespect (featuring useless Cats)
The disrespect
“Hoooman says, ‘Last ball of the day’, does he??? Well... We’s has a plan.”
brother’s cat left some subtle litter box art
Demon Powers, Activate
“Hoooman says, ‘Last ball of the day’, does he??? Well... We’s has a plan.
Squirrels Are Jerks!
Let's play with the hooman
Cockatoo making a mess in the house
Corrupted Cat
PSA: seagulls are dicks.
Do not bite the hand that feeds you
My table is not for your things.
Duck duck goose
puss comes to shove
Darn dolphins
And unprovoked attack foiled by a brave bystander
Mom, look, I know how to clean!
Cat got your tongue?
I just wanted to sleep
Bad kitty
That was so... uncalled for
Cats gonna cats.
Cat, please let me meet my deadlines.
Snitches get stitches
🔥 Giraffes are Beautiful
Sbitches get stitches
Butt biter
He doesn’t like when I wag my finger at him
My cat has a temper...
Zoë, being a mean kitty since 2009
He ALWAYS lays on my laundry
We were walking off leash on a trail and forgot there was a muddy stream around the corner, Wrigley did not forget and ran up ahead...it wa…
she wasn't impressed
Not wanting to share
What's that loud honking sound?
Stand back, this food is not for you
She’s very subtle about wanting pets.
You’re in my spot.
According to buddy headphones are now off limits
Squirrel Shoves 50lbs of Pine Cones into someone's Engine Bay
Just trying to watch tv
Arctic Fox vs Arctic Foot
Dive bomb attack 🦅
There's a bed right there ! Use it !!
lol why?
I just wanna go to sleep you Tiny jerk
That's for taking my sleeping spot!
Wanna hear a secret?
Kill Mode Activated
wait for it.
I have been practicing a more realistic embroidery approach by making birds!
The difference between cats and dogs.
Look No one copy my style
Let me do my math homework!
Dog refuses to give up playing with his toy
Sweet Merlot loves her sister Amelia - Amelia not so much...
I am rock star baby rock star
Trapped in my car thanks to this aggressive chap waiting outside my door
WHAT are you waiting for?!
My cat Cosmo decided he wanted to be part of my uni assignment. At the very last few seconds.
i'm gonna get ya food he he he
Puppy being a cute, fluffy, jerk.
She wants attention..
These birds where locked and loaded simultaneously 4 bird bombs. REALLY BIRDS!
He's taking control of the parking lot
Hey gimme some of that!
Parenting
Die creature
Cat uses superior torque to fend of murderous dog
Fuck your Sunday paper. Give me some Sunday belly rubs!
Aggresive monkeys
I’d say this is jerky
It's Mine !Mine!!!
poor alligator
A Dog’s Inner Monologue While She Tears Her Toy To Pieces
I dont like you
Did I say you could get out, you little shit?
Flowergirl photobomb
Petting fox - expectation/reality
Frog : 1. Human : 0.
Such a lovely back yard. I especially like the wood-burning stove, the clean white walls, and the tasteful grey-brick flowerbed.
Dont tell me what to do!
Guess I don't need to finish that...
Got a second cat, theyre not quite besties yet
What’re privacy & personal space anyway?
I literally can't watch TV...
Swiper, No Swiping!
The cats were not consulted
This puzzle remains unfinished to this day…
Ehem, excuse me: I am the master bather.
Rude girl hates learning
Charging gorilla
Pet dog raised by Chinese family for two years turns out to be a black bear
HMK while I ride this skateboard..
This should have been posted here first
Dog laughs after pushing cat off bed
No surprises here
Brat.
I was kicking my kids' butts and old Alfie springs out of nowhere and ransacks my stacks! Jerk.
This squirrel sneaking into the zoo's bird exhibit.
Be Quiet!
Snack
Setup a motion detection camera at my remote cabin. This guy scared the crap out of me by testing it worked.
Chewbacca, the Queen of Passive Aggression, gives no hecks about his brother Pugsley
aww what a cute bir..ahhh run shit
My new favourite thing to do is stash food on the patio and watch my dog bravely chase the crows away. It’s not mean cause they always scor…
Ok cat, I wasn't looking at anything important anyways.
He faked a heart attack to see how his service dog in training would react.
My fiancé’s cat is a jerk.
Such a guilty face
He'd do it again too
You didn’t need it to be that smooth right?
My dog, the Beast, trying to use my niece as a stepping stone in the river today.
"Stop it!"
Kid faked a heart attack to see how his service dog would respond.
Cat poop and rice, a delicacy somewhere
Kid faked a heart attack to see how his service dog would respond.
Pod of orcas forming a massive wave to knock a seal off an iceberg
A real jerk
Confetti, anyone?
Brother please. Hush now Gregory I am searching
Living with a mouse for awhile, trying to catch it for a month. Woke up to THIS.
This looks like a litter box...
my dogs bulldozed me
Rambunctious piglet evicts kitties from kitty tunnel
Quite a fitting thank you for letting him in during the middle of the night :/
House cat slapping Tiger cub
Owner just wants to dispose of the old Christmas tree, dogs have other ideas.
Every morning of my honeymoon at 6 am this bird would knock himself into the window waking us up. 2 solid hours
When you go to take a pic & it’s on selfie
Cats are considered nature's most graceful creatures.
❌💋‼️
He’s plotting to kill me
*pat*
[OC] My only defense
Cat caught doing the ole "Ding Dong Ditch"
This little wiener decided her toy needed to be washed.
Dick move
Cat.
Cats are considered one of nature's most graceful creatures.
Wait for cat to move... or drive over boulder
Found this gem on Instagram
Hungry camels. Enable sound.
Bit of a domestic disputes
Helping out
I guess I can sit here...
Well, I guess it works both ways...
Weaponized Treat Activated
"DON'T JUDGE ME...we all have our demons 😾." - Simba Longfellow.
These two can never get along
Amazon delivered my wireless access point, it went about as well as their picture suggests...
Disrespectful seagulls on the boardwalk
Met a few good boys this morning. One of them didn’t like it when I took my hand away to take a picture. [X-post from r/aww]
Bought a new cat scratcher (rectangular), but she still prefers her old one (round)
Not today, kid
Potty trained
My moms small dog and smallish dog decided to attack one of these guys at a park. Now they are getting stitches. Stupid jerks
Sneak Attack...
Stop hogging the hammock!
Thanks for the carrot
Think they'll take licks as bail money?
What hole? I didn’t dig any hole
Met my upstairs neighbors for the first time this morning....this trash kitty and friends reside in the attic of my apartment building...
Eheheh take my selfie 🤪
Not again, Larry!
A Slap Fight
Sometimes you just don't feel like sharing (xpost from /r/birbs)
Just a evil crow outside a Tokyo train station - attacking and scaring people as you do!
This cat taking up the best spot at the garden store
That work looks important. It’d be a real shame if someone got in your way. - Every cat ever
Doggo steals owner's ice-cream
Elephants destroy Rohingya tents in Bangladesh refugee camp
aww look my baby lion cut
Cat expiriencing snow for the first time
Seventy percent of all attacks come from the rear
"Hey friend...whop! whop! whop!"
I just wish she didn't look so damn pleased with herself.
Greedy kitty wants all the food for himself
Staying at my in-laws place and the cat just sits on my side of the bed like this and licks itself and scratches me if I try to move it.
Don't touch my baby!
Ninja Rat
Montreal squirrel steals go-pro, amazing escape captured on video...
My cats always lay with their butts right on my lenses
Shhh only dreams
Your not allowed to move me if I pretend to be asleep
Hi I see you are just chiiling out... mind if I scream in your ear
“Sorry, were you watching this?”
Lab is constantly bullying her brother.
A sneaky boy
You've read enough today. Pet me instead
I wasn’t hungry anyway...
Omnomnomnom
Goose teasing fishies with his dinner
Lemme chew on those news
You are in the wrong neighborhood buddy
Some fish stealing a ducks food
Cat Attack
He sat on his sister so I would pet him instead.
Thank's cat, really helpful
When your friend is hogging all the ants
“Close the lid” they said... Zeke is apparently smarter than that.
Picked my cat up from the vet too early
Never mind the 100 acre forest behind us... lets play on the kids trampoline!
Bad kitty!
How to drown your owner
Come back here!!
Still a little fight in him.
If this doesn’t scream I need attention.
Instead of killing his catch-of-the-day.. he has carried it around for ~24hr now showing it to everyone, keeping it alive
Hello down there
My cat is a bit special. Thinks she is locked out..
This was bound to happen eventually
I wouldn't want neighbours like this
Ok, that's enough
No computer for you!
Dog ate the wall.
Destory the house is the dog's favourite
.
Who’s a good / bad boy?
My piano 'helper'
I'm not saying that my dog should respect the cat a little bit more, but....
Your girlfriend is driving
They take the space of one person. No wonder I get the wall every night.
I am badboy
I think were taking the whole "If I fits, I sits" thing a bit far now...
Mocha is in time out for biting her human.
A cat being a cat, aka an a-hole
You came to the wrong hood...
No that’s totally fine, just use my face as a step.
At the bodega last night
Squirrel Steals Camera
Look at me, I’m a choo choo. CHOO CHOO! Nobody can cross while the train goes by!
Ninja sea lion
Robbed by a monkey
Don't push your problems onto me
kiss, kiss, NOM!
Because sometimes being the big sister takes such will power...
Daddy If you do not give me candy than I will not came out
One rat doesn't understand personal space, and the other rat is gonna punch him right in the kisser!
cat vs car
I can't even...
Those kitties are getting out of hand
Whizzer has had quite enough of Marvin’s shit.
"I steal your key."
An Egyptian floor mosaic depicting a dog and a knocked-over gold vessel. c. 200-100 BC
So my dog met one of the neighborhood’s cat. They starred at each other like this for a few mins. Cat wasn’t impressed
Gee, I wonder who did it
The Old Shovel Trick
You don’t need to breathe right? So it’s fine if I sit here.
Xpost from r/FullScorpion
Doggo!
"I steal your key."
Cat insist to Push things Down !
My dog being a jerk to my cat who just wants to sit in the box
Squirrel slides on oiled bird feeder
I wanted to play fortnite
Take my selfie 🤪
Sneaky sea lion!
"Hey! Give Me Back My Glove! " "No! It's Mine Now. You Can't Have it... Gobble Gobble... back"
Was trying to watch TV but my cat had other ideas.
Cat food? No, this is opossum food.
Doggos don’t like books.
His brother trapped him in a popup tent
Honey, wheres the cat?
This is definition of teamwork
Almost got messed up, for throwing some dirt.
All Frankie the kitty wants to do is nap.
I was soaking up some Vitamin D when this fluffy stinker got bitey and stole my spot.
Big pupper attacks smol doggo
Came back from a vacation to this
This Guy Thought He Was Steve Irwin
Any. Birthday. Is My. Birthday.
cats are annoying
Fighting over the last slice of pizza
Well fuck you too then
"Mooom?!"
Thanks!
But why?
Practicing your kill move [OC]
Rude
Seriously Mom..??
Cat doesn't seem to mind annoying dog biting and pulling its tail
Thanks Mom!
Dog doesn't gaf about your schedule, the stick isn't going to chew itself.
Sitting next to the rv door whining while I’m trying to sleep and won’t stop
Open the door, please! Open it, Open it!!!!!!!
Crow tries to buy a train ticket
While we're on the subject, here's MY dog sitting on the roof after breaking through a second story screen.
I Seal You Pee
When your dog is pissed about you playing games all day
I'll just have mayonnaise thanks!
Thanks for helping but you are not going anywhere...
it’s MY couch
Everyday this pheasant in my neighborhood waits for cars to pass so he can chase them down the road.
This is for you.
My neighbor’s dog didn’t like that I fixed the hole in my fence
She is such a bitch when she doesn’t get her peanut butter bone.
Give me attention
Beds aren’t for sharing
You know full well that's not your water bowl.
Otters rolling in the dirt under a tree by the river
My dog casually hanging out on the roof after breaking through a second floor screen window.
My cat trying to play Super Mario Odyssey with me
Every bloody time!
Baby goat doesn't like the competition
Little Kitty Jerk
Willow likes to sabotage the boss’s chair.
"Becky lemme smash!" "No Chad, our ducklings are watching!" "I don't care!"
Don’t fuck with the cat
Never play with wild lions
As if traffic wasn't bad enough
Goose attacks guy going for a walk around the lake
Cat doesn't care about fluffy doggo
Crow tries to buy a train ticket with credit card
Tryin' to get a nut
Finally behind bars
This is MY yard, son!
The dog thinks he should be there.
S T U C C
Pillow thief.
Is this allowed on this sub?
Horse had enough of the parade
Thought a center piece would be pretty until...
Not the pizza!!
They weren't there for a long time, they were there for a good time
Chickens attack
She wasn't being nice s to him
Chicken loves cuddling
My GF left this in the bathroom since we were hosting a dinner party and our kittens were acting up.
Our dog scaring our little kitten with his teeth. He was reprimanded soon after this.
Horse having fun with a zipper.
"woah stop you aggressive human"
Spot was awfully quiet on his roam... I looked down and saw he had been having a snack.
Two guinea pig brothers being jerks to each other.
I prefer my bed to be EVERYWHERE
Wag of War
Fuck whoever's in this bag.
Horse dumps rider with tree branch.
I KNOW you did it on purpose
Just act natural
Managed to walk on keyboard, lock my pc, and type several incorrect password attempts. No wonder I get no work done!
Every day I clean the dog poop in my yard, every day there is a pile near my kids slide or swing. That’s her way of asserting dominance I g…
Managed to walk on keyboard, lock my pc, and type several incorrect password attempts.
OH MY GOD! DOGBERG WITH A SPEAR OUTTA NOWHERE!
Grab 'em by the zipper. When you're a horse, they just let you do it.
This is My yard Son!
Do You Mind If I Sit Here?
The Death of a Dog Bed - Darla the Asshole
When you want to cuddle with Mom but there's no room on the couch
Dick move dude. Dick move.
Bird turf war
What a basstard!
Elephant Seals are huge dicks...
My puppy is taking over the house
Poor kitty's tail
Just filming a guy trying to get back on his boat
Dolphin tackles paddleboarder
Mockingbird terrorizes my cat
I finally found out why my clock runs fast
Woodpecker with BALLS! Who knows its opponent?
When you need the subtitles..
Deer in Nara, Japan
I finally found out why my clock runs fast [x-post r/funny]
Really? Of all the places to lay down.
I just want to have a seat.
Clocks are overrated.
He very specifically dislikes me. Always has. Probably always will.
See you in hell
Cat walks away from a fight he provokes with dog.
No, I didn’t want my water after all.
Apparently the dogs in my neighborhood are afraid of my cat
He just wanted to cuddle
This antelope has had it up to here
This is the most cat thing I’ve ever seen.
Silverback Payback
Stop looking at me like that, you're making me nervous.
Bow down to me peasants
Snitches Get Stitches
Dog being Dog and Cat being Cat
Croc stealing hawks lunch
"Suck it."
How to pet a cat
Just penguins being jerks
He never lets me cuddle with him LOL
It’s okay bear, cats scare me too
"I hate this dog...."
"Outta the way human"
I don't understand what you're saying
Early wedding present from the cat. Picture complete with the shoe box he’s methodically destroyed that’s right next to the untouched scrat…
He WAS facing me , until I brought out the phone....and this is all he had to say about that.
My normally sweet cat was infuriated by the smell of my boyfriends jeans
just tryin to get home
Stop. You’re doing it wrong, human.
If it wasn't for this fence...
The squirrels built a whole mansion in our barbecue
I don't want any trouble...
EvIl BeAsT sLaUgHtErS aNoThEr OnE oF hIs EnEmIeS
Catlike Abilities wasted on cats
Could not be any happier...
Slow Nom
Disrespect the plants
This black bear stealing my moms bird feeder
*sees a Swan once*
Aarrggh!!!!
Throws a fit when he doesn’t get his way
Pelicans invaded college graduation—and nobody knew what to do
Please don't eat me!
This lizard didn’t want his picture taken.
Hey Dora, Are We Friends?
Let me love you
This How Indian Cow Insist Her Boyfriend (Ox) For Shopping
Just a happy family
It's Mine.
I can never get any alone time...
Well I thought it was funny!
Suddenly she'd had enough
This is why we can't have nice things...around cats.
I just want to work!
At least she did not pee in it...?
Greedy cat
Bamboozled
What a bully! The dog doesn't know where to sit now.
Annoying Bird
Damn dolphins.
NOT A SNACK, I REPEAT NOT SNACK!!
Toucan keeps stealing my wallet
"I will now rest here"
“You’re in my spot.” - Sheldon Cooper and also, my cat
I just wanted to finish my drawing
NO KISS FOR YOU!
Took my puppy to my childhood farm to meet some moos. Didn’t go quite as planned!(no dog was hurt in the making of this)
Move!
Up to no good. Also scared me when getting a late night snack.
He really didn’t like The Green Mile
I guess I won't be drinking that
Saw this on animals being bros thought it be good here
"Which one of you is the guilty one?"
Just trying to get the ball from the pool for the dogs
Aberdeen, Scotland has such a jerk problem they had to release a pamphlet
What a nice guy!
Catch of the day
Yep, it’s just a bit further down, a bit more, a bit more (x-post /r/funny)
Dog teaches two drunk men in a brawl a lesson
Locals only
"Efficient food production is accomplished by the close supervision of labor by management." —Chairman Meow
Sea lion chow time
The goose is loose
Making a scene in front of the customers
But that was for me!
It's not Olaf's day
Penguins Interrupt The Interview - Keeps honking......
All I wanted was a snack for me and my 10 closest friends!
Nice shoes.
Cat vs. Toy
My bird hates my boyfriend, but loves the taste of ears!
Cue Jaws theme song
Pounce on that
my cat being an asshole
Balancing a treat: a two player game
"PABLO I TOLD YOU TO WASH THE DISHES WHILE I TOOK THE KIDS TO DAYCARE"
She needs a name! Help!
Wanker seagull holds another hostage.
Let’s Cuddle. . .
"Quit taking my food"......."You stop being a jerk"
WUIIIII
Müv
 years ago I stopped the shelter from putting this guy down because he was “too aggressive”...ungrateful little shit
It's a cat sit cat world
Candles be damned
It's okay mom, I killed the bed.
A cat being a... cat.
Going Nuts
Mom, he's doing it again!
 rolls destroyed.
Get a cat they said. They're lovely animals they said..
Wow
For all new cat owners
"Boo!"
Cat Vs Dog
Sneaky snek forces man to dropkick his friend
Dog "joins in" on fight in Bristol
Wake up I wanna play, you lazy pig!
On three. Ready? Break
What was supposed to be a cute photo of Luna and Mia meeting for the first time, turned into this.
My cats reaction to me trying to brush her
A cat being a jerk
This alive bird trying to pull a stuck dead bird out of a tree
Someone please send halp
My cousin got ankle surgery and her cats have now claimed her walker.
Just sitting on my favorite pillow
Someone please send halp
Don’t even ask !!!
What did i just eat?
He’s proud of the mess he made
My friend's cat is a bit sketchy...
My turn
He just wanted to take a nap.
I think he’s cute (even though I hate snakes) BUT the jerk stared me down while I was mowing and refused to budge. Now there is a tall, wei…
"You're touching me!!!"
X-post from r/mildlyinfuriating
"Taking care" of the baby alright
When you try to meet the new ducking neighbors...
Monkey slapping lion on the head
Tiny Cheese gets too close
Imma sit here
Knocking on my window since last week
Grumpy elephant flips and gores a car
Slide tackle from outta nowhere
Meanwhile in Canada...
Dog attacks cat tail.
One hangover birb
bad kitty hunting resued humming bird
Someone in the building owes this bird money
Bad cat embarrasses self and family’s good name.
My dog scaring the piss out of me by staring at me through my open bedroom window...
She is not interested in puppies
When you poo on the floor for the 3rd day in a row and Dad has to clean it
My mom was just trying to puzzle!
Not pictured: 3 bored dogs watching in silence
Give me your straw, huuman!
A man and his dog
Sharing is caring
This goose who didn’t want golfers on his turf
When Mom is giving you pets and is about to take your picture, but your sister ruins it by jumping up on the side of the couch all majestic…
This dog lives beside my sister's school, he drops by and waits patiently for the kids to pet him.
The Keymaster
Ask and you shall receive.
I am Goose, Destroyer of Worlds.
Throw the god damn frisbee Daniel!
This dog has no chill
Every emotion your dogs ball feels in one face...
PsBattle: Police in Montreal wearing non-issue trousers
Bad boi wanna go at it with the cat. Cat doesn’t give a single shite.
A real jerk
"Friend's Cat Meows Aggressively, then Attacks"
Having a staring contest with these pelicans the whole boat tour
Fuck golfers
NOPE
My cat gets bitey when he's hungry
Michigan - high school golfer attacked by goose.
bear in da road
Silver back gorilla walks up to humans.
This cat isn’t a fan of the new kitten.
Okay, guys, who made the mess?
Haha fuckin gorilla
No touch tha toasty, got it... Imma touch tha toasty tho...
When you pull up in the wrong hood
Just Trying To Enjoy Her Box!
Don't boop this floof...
Sheep gets revenge on cat
That’s a nice pedestal you bought me, thanks but no thanks
total cobra kicker
Silver back gorilla walks up to humans.
Damn gorilla.
Chokehold
Tigers Are On The Brink To Extinct. Seriously A Serious Issue!
Bait and hit
This jerk got what was coming to him
Come at me bro!
Two fish arguing about the optimal place to put sand.
So mean :(
Take that!
Typical
Percival the peacock spent all weekend trying to intimidate me while I worked in the yard. He'd peck me everytime I turned my back to him.
Here, take that!
Here, take that!
Eat Fresh.
Fish have a dispute over sand.
My dog steals everything he can, today i caught him in action.
Please stop
Neighbour's cat just couldn't resist
How dare you stop.
Get off me!
A crow stole 100 bucks from these guys.
Daddy steps on his present
When I try to make friends
Mischievous little shit
As he ran off, he yelled "Bison"...
Bad boi
Money can be exchanged for goods.. said the crow (probably)
Hit and run
He just wanted to sleep
“You bought this pillow for me right?”
Don’t touch my food
"it wasn't me hooman!!"
This dog attacked my neighbor(neighbor escaped unharmed), and when we took a picture of him he started pissing another neighbor's yard.
When your human is not good enough
"Hey mom, could you bring me that toy I like that blocks your peripheral vision when you carry it?"
That crow stole their dough.
Self timer firing too early
Ready to play some frisbee?
Brutal lion attack
Food thief.
Tackled
FUCKING THROW IT ALREADY
Kids these days...
Get away from me bitch!
Someone ripped up the carpet? Nope, definitely wasn’t me.
No Fishing off the Pier
"Hey, are you trying to sleep?"
He keeps turning the PS4 off... -_-
Monkey being a jerk.
My dog really loves me for me...
When you’re trying to poop, and you keep getting that sneaky snoot.
"I said I didn't want a birthday party ya dick"
Punches sister, realizes mom is watching, tries to act like it was just a pat on the head.
Help me .. Please :'(
Knowing this person and all the hamsters that have died on her watch while she travels for work...all I see is karma.
another proof that cats are liquid
“Just pretend we are asleep, he won’t see us”
Parrot throwing objects from furniture
I'm waiting for the lid to slip
Boop.
Every creature wants to stay under the sun, especially in winter
It’s all fun and games
Got to make his mark
Cats being jerks is actually science-proven!
There Can Be Only One! Ooops.(Baby goats playing king of the hill)
My rather large cat making himself at home on my mom’s puzzle
Khajiit is innocent of this crime
Clever monkey
Tried to film our cat waking me up in the morning - managed to film her sitting on the camera lens instead
Bad Dog, No Donut!
Sheeps is sick of cats shit
Serves you right, cat!
Get off my territory!
Sheeps is sick of cats shit
"Hi, my name is Lucas"
F off, mate
Cat found comfy place to sit. Only moved when I started belly laughing underneath both of them
Scaredy cat tippy taps
"Are you guys still open?"
It's time to wake up when Dora says it's time
Yeah could I read my book maybe? (Not sure if this is “jerk” enough. But still.
Study time!
Well I WAS studying...
Sneak attack!
Even stone cats are assholes
we got a green light, GO GO GO
Cat giving me the finger
He just wanted a little bite
Golden Vacuum cleaner
Attacking the hairs but the human seems to enjoy it... so frustrating.
Buying a cat is just like throwing money down the drain.
You shall not pass
Duck steals bread from Goose’s nest.
Sneaky dog
The Black and White Kitten hates the other Kitten, and we don’t know why He is like her arch nemesis! She literally goes out of her way to …
This dog is a good judge of her singing .
Wait for it (x-post r/unexpected)
Sniff my bum!!
No friends, only obstacles
My puppy (left) decided he wanted to be close to my 7 year old (right)
Jerk Bison
Oh you'd like to fold laundry? .....Cool. ....I'd like to have had friends.
Lick, lick, lick.... Oi!!!
I am jealous
Cats are dicks
Wife Caught Cheating!!!!
"Wait, dat wuz me nuu bed?!!?"
You’re ruining it.
Meet “Stan” our adopted boy.
Those poor scooters...
Kiddy wants a tiddy!
You can’t sit with us.
I think this belongs here...
My roommate Kitty and the much sassier kitty Meredith
He really puts the "shit" and "poo" in shih-tzu poodle
The toughest guy on campus
Got a kitten, lost some blood.
He has 2 cat towers but decides to sit here
I said stop touching me!
Slap attack
Anti-bird system engaged
A Raven on an Easter Egg Hunt
Making friends is so hard
Get a kitten, they're so cute
Who's the boss at home?
Then it occurred to me why horses get mad when you try and hand feed them grass
My cat’s new brother forcing him to enjoy the outdoors.
Anti-drone system engaged
Were you using this??
Uhm ........ excuse me little lady
You’re done with this right?
It's my camera now
My turn!
If I stop petting her she bites me until I start again.
Surface to air cat
How the cat sleeps on my sister’s pillow
My head hurts.
One of our cats has found a new perch
Anti-drone system engaged
Cat Attack
AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH BROGLE
C'mon buddy, "we don't have time to stop."
Suprise attacks and then gaps it
The World is my toilet.
His own water bowl was only two feet away. Didn't have the heart to shoo him away.
Stoooopp !!
What a nice box....
Take this
You’re in my way, jerk
I’ve asked her numerous times if she’d please refrain
Come on and slam!
She made it clear that the salad was not to her liking...
No more TV for you
“Get a puppy they said it will be fun they said”
Bad kitty.
Why is my dog on my roof. :-/
Typical cat
Cat took it down for no reason what so ever
Oh, you wanted to eat the rest of these pretzels? You should have said something.
We bought a fancy outdoor dogbed so they wouldn't have to lie on the hard deck.
I told you so
It was looking at us😠
Cats are hard to impress
Nah I don't like it.
Faaaark! Happy Easter, Raven
He attacked a deer
Oh, my lunch.
Coordination goals 2.0
my cat eating my music homework
Trying to make friends :(
she sent you out for one thing and mistakes were made.
Cat doesn't like to share
My cat is a jerk to my husky.
Frito stealing birb.
This is my Dubois Cichlid, Rocco. I named him after a guy at a large company who wiped out all of his political foes. This Rocco used to ha…
The cat was board.
Cat doing what cats do best
Thanks fren!
Coordination goals
The Bork is dead long live the Bork
Dog not allowed on couch tries to bend the rules
 cats vs dog
So proud about destroying a new ball in less than 5 min...
my friend's dog lobo was down for a while with a food allergy, but now he's recovering and feeling good enough to be his regular dick self
Rattle snake caught after eating neighborhood cat. What an asshole
“Five more minutes, Mom”
Do not feed animals
Snow boop
Cat doesn't want to be friends.
Rude Turtle
I'm gonna poop right here, right in the middle of the road.
Here she goes again
Kung Fu Chicken
Backyard bandit strikes again
Moved the cat bed near to the dog bed, but then this happened
otterly cute
Can't even get a pic of my dog.
Smokey laying on Sheldon.
Chilling on the fence but his brother wants to poke him
He’ll has a thing against cylindrically shaped objects.
Bare knuckle cat fight
A fish being an annoying neighbour
Two baby bats fighting over an apple.
Monkey punches Capybara
This is mine now
Puppers gets jealous of table
Cock fight ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
That smile!
“It was already like this when I came in here to lay down.”
Wait, nah, I changed my mind.
Don't you dare look at me
One big jerk
Squirrel doesn't want to share with the rabbit
You wanna dance home boy, you wanna dance?
Does it hurt?
I'll just piss on your fridge
Some cats just want to be loved.
Small pup just wants some love, almost gets eaten
Hey! Where are you all going?? Damn it! What did you do that for?
Don't deal with the devil
This lizard with half a tail biting a cats nose
NoU
I am not touching you...
Nice Moootor
First flight training
Angry Badger closes castle.
When the sibling with the job and car eats their McDonald’s in your face
Bird flight training interrupted
This bird flies into my sister's window every morning...repeatedly.
Canada Goose Claiming His Turf
No-nonsense chicken
Cat sitting on pizza
Outta nowhere
Ouch
He does this every time someone refills the bucket with fresh, clean water..
Accidentally captured this beautiful bonding moment
Stray dogs vs. cyclist
My little Jack with a Napoleon complex. He is always doing things like this.
She is a jerk! But i still love her 😻
That’s it. I’ve had enough. You can clean up your own damn mess.
Chasing the cat.
Was going to take a shower. This jerk stole my towel and won't give it back.
Shiloh decided he was gonna bite my foot and not let go.
Watch out WATCH OUT
Our veranda got some uninvited guests today.
Let me come out first
A/doing your thing likea boss
Daaaad stoooooopppp
Angry wet cat refuses to get dried off
Hey you didn’t pay for this!
The face of a stone cold pillow killer
Eel looses snack
Oh I'm sorry, you should have gone first
Big dog bullies little dog
"Pulls the reins! Pull the reins!"
Facebook Live Flamingo
horse spat on her and then laughed
Wait for it
Trying to revise, I guess I've got a bookmark now...
I Said Don't Move!
Penguin gets shoved off an iceberg
Cat in a Claw Machine
These cats don’t really care
Oh, you're trying to rest? *boop*
Yep. It was still alive. He dropped it as I tried to shoo him out with it at 1 a.m.
some guy replaced his favourite ball and this was his reaction
My cat stole my dog's bone but the dog is too nice to take it back so instead he is just watching and whining.
This doggo donz follow the rules
Energy Efficient Jerk
When your cat steals from your roommate
"This just in... I'm doggo"
Iris has no concept of personal space
Revenge is best served cold.
He decided to roll around in the fireplace, then clean himself on our white sheets.
CRONCH
He sat on my knee being cute just to take a bite... Moving house is stressful
Battle Kitties.
Dog is correct
Hello lady
She only sleeps on top of other dogs
Pushing his friend in the pool
Girl: let go! Dog: No U!
wasted
King Of The Iceberg
Jamal and Jeffy don’t get along very well
You no escape human!
Smack smack smack
Can’t relax for a moment without being SAVAGELY assaulted
Might I tempt you with this delicious bass instead?
Might I temp you with this delicious bass instead?
Look at ‘em.. so proud of what they just did.
A foggy murder terrorizes suburban household
Oh thanks, Nala.
Throat hold
German shepherd vs a pier.
Kitty tastes 6 inches of snow.
There's two cat beds but apparently my backpack is comfier.
Oh, thanks Nala.
After food I can not move
Zoe has decided it's time to clock off.
This rhino killed his last partner just because she didn't want to have sex with him.
Cat Thinks He's A Ninja 😂
Just a nice curious bird with no ulterior motive
You didn't really want that did you?
He can just have it
Older versus younger on the race to sit with me .. guess who won and guess who was NOT happy
I am tired
Now I know why the caged bird hates. I forgot I took this pic at the Sacramento Zoo.
The death stare.
ping pong?
Assault with a deadly tail
Get off my couch!
Little Peanut kicks his brother to try to entice him to play. Funnier with the sound. :)
Life with Higgins, part 78... If he's not in the closet or on the couch, he's here by the lamp. I'm almost 100% sure he loves this spot as …
Just trying to film some yoga
Cat takes down child
The tables have turned
Crow trolling cat...
They won’t play tug of war with each other, but will alllllwaysss team up against me.
Harry decided to make a bed out freshly folded clothes.
Thomas taunting Daisy with his food dish. Does it every god damned night.
Hey you kids! Get off my lawn! You whippersnappers better leave!
stop doing homework and pay attention to me
Giant squid harasses paddleboard bro by acting like a Kraken
Helping with laundry and intimidating his brother. 10/10 best cat.
Did he not read the sign??
What’s the name of this dog breed ?
Take that, Cat!
Just a quick tap
Fuck your signs
Mommy thought she was going to put some pictures up on the wall today.
The cat left me a present on the door mat. I don't have a cat.
screw your signs
These two dogs know what they want, and smart enough to wait.
Lemur pulls lemur out of tree
My moms puppy
Ate their door.
This... is my pizza now
You enjoying the sun guys?
No mor homeworkz hooman. Petz naow.
Cat just wants some peace and quiet
Dog Scaring Away Seals
Not only can spit
A rude awakening
This jerk taking a nap after eating my shoe
This is just animal love
My doggos surprise
"Don't look at me while I'm itching"
When you want to stay alone but your sibling doesn’t get it !
Two kittens. One of them a jerk
Big jerk spotted
My dog doesn’t like it when I practice piano and today she crawled through the chair to stop me.
See ya
Final update on Jerry: the mods told me I’m not allowed to post any more Jerry videos. So here is a farewell video of Jerry being an asshol…
My dog taking out my nephew on Easter.
Mother pushes her kitten out of the way to get food
Tala needed to see over the fence anyway she could.
Rescued this kitten. This is how she repays me.
Jerry The seagull 5: Jerry tried stealing my coworkers car so I built up the courage to confront the little shit.
Playing nicely at the park
This Robin at a buddy’s house, daily occurrence. Drives the dog mad
Don't you dare sit down... don't you... nononooooo!
Duck “eating” fish
Pack of orcas knock seal of floating ice
This guy thinks he owns the place
Not cool man.....
Cat body slams a kid
Who da fuk u think u is???
Yellow Parakeet Hates Yellow Highlighter
meh, repair that sucker!
My Cat whenever I try to get any work done
Move it, mom’s home!!
Seagull Update 4: My coworker took this video and called me over immediately. Jerry brought a friend. Their numbers are rising.
"Who did this?"
She refuses to sit on a bare floor.
A tragic story of trust and betrayal
Training His Attack Ducks
TV in the face, thanks to fat kitty
I don't like these here
I hope she found what she was looking for...
Hitdog uses the double tap and makes good her escape
Hey, um, can I have some water too?
I was just trying to make a cute video for my wife.
Finally got a good one on video!
Jerry the Seagull part 3: I tried to have a calm conversation with him. There is no talking sense to this guy.
they were actually just having a run, just some good timing on the shot
They all looked away when I tried to take their picture
How my dog looks when I try to take pics with him
Dog and cat are the best friends
What a nice kitty
Hitcat spots its target and goes in for the kill
Dad’s working out. Better knock down the TV.
Chihuahua almost knocks out poodle with a punch
Eat, Soldier!
Misdirection 101 by associate professor Rory
Doggo wants to see drowning human die
Don't touch my ball!
Wonder if he can make it through
Long live the King (x-post from r/hitanimals, u/scaulbylausis)
There's no perch? AAAhhhhhhhh
"Thanks for making me this bed of graded tests...."
Yorkie catches a ride to stay dry
Sam didn’t want to share me with Sidney.
Such a little bad boy always hitting the dog
Thanks for the morning view bro 😑
AWAY HUMAN!
OH HAI HOOMAN! WAT IS U WANT?
"Those kids are jerks!" - The Sheep
Seagull swipes a pack of bacon from a woman's shopping cart
This cheeky doggo with no regrets after peeing on his mom in the subway
Headshot
Good Morning, this is my water now
She thinks it’s so funny!
'Oh, you're home...'
That cat isn’t messing around anymore
He's just jealous
I swear I tried asking her nicely to move before this happened
That is an impressive amount of jerkery.
My mouse throwing stuff out of her cage and making a mess 😂
No clue what happened to those bananas mum! 🤷🏼‍♀️
How chickens mate.
Oh boy, a drone!
The nerve of this bird...
When he doesn’t want to go inside
Good boy is fascinated by the new quadcopter
Good boy is fascinated by the new quadcopter
Monkey harassing tiger cubs
Cat Doesn't Know How To Share
Sneaky cookie thief!
In bird culture this is considered a dick move
When it's a beautiful day and *a GOOSE hits you in the head* 1 rt = 1 prayer (for the goose) @WeWalkDaily
Boop!
"Let me sniff what you got there" Well, she licked the lens of my camera
My girlfriend got too close to the belly I guess, idk what a jerk
Jenna wasn’t having it with the frisbee today
Meanie
When your cat runs your life but you like to keep things tidy.
There is no Netflix. Only doggo.
Neighbours doggo caught in the act ! Trying to dig herself over to our backyard .. relentless one ..
"You are NOT prettier than me"
Copper, the destroyer of everything
I am Sparky, I need attention all the time.
MOVE outta my way
Don’t mind me mr. lobster I’m just walking and oh look what’s over here it’s just aaaAHHH AND I GETCHA
Dick pulls a fast one on a cat
The cat’s way of coexisting
Who’s a bad boy? Turbo’s a bad boy.
Seagull the Sequel: He’s back, I hate him, and I named him Jerry
I'll have my cake and eat yours too.
This Canadian is currently blocking our door at work and attacking his reflection.
The stare down kills me 😂
Rhino tosses a warthog up in the air
Just monkeying around
Cat body slam
My heart skips when they play like this. It looks worse than it is, she just lays there.
Cheetah jumps into safari car, forcing man to freeze in place for 10 minutes youtubemp4 to
I thought what we had was real
I will eat your EYEBALL dolphin that was my fish!!!
Just chillin, poopin on your black fabric roof
Elephant plays fetch with Rhino!
I ask my dog to take selfie with me, and she did!
Rhino is a massive jerk. 😡😡😡
Rhino tosses a warthog up in the air like a ragdoll
Pigeon taking a ride
The new puppy is already owning the house.
Boop!
Nope Bird
Cat body slams a kid
Cat body slams a kid
To celebrate our 4 years together I bought my rabbit a mineral cupcake.
Pigeon laid eggs on my balcony, what should I do? Any tips?
I came into work and this seagull tried coming in with me so I locked the door. He screamed at me and now won’t stop pecking the god damn w…
Zeus Always seems to have his junk on Darwin's head on car rides.
Elephant destroys Easter basket
Cat fight
I’m gonna eat all your hair
My big boi.
“Don’t know what ‘stop’ means, but clearly she set this up here for me to push”
HEY! He's with me
Pug'd up toilet..
My mum keeps buying new yoga blocks... her cat is not a fan...
I can only hope she found what she was looking for...
How... How do you want me to sleep?
Ducking jerk!
For each second you keep me waiting, I shall kill you
Sammy and Boxer like Snuggling
She just wants to play fetch, he just wants to be a jerk.
What nuts?
For each second you keep my waiting, I shall kill you
oh you like this towel?
We threw some apples into the yard. The dog stole some and ran off.. except, the dog doesn’t even like apples.
Gimme your lunch... Nah homie *slap*
I don’t always sit on my brother but when I do, it’s so I can remind him who’s in charge.
Resistance in the Sheets
what a nice guy
My grandma's cat and dog
Bros
Elephant destroys Easter basket
This is painful to watch
How I brush my teeth every morning
Dog taunts infant because he can't walk.
How's your focus now...?
What a gentleman
I adopted this sweet black stray cat, but WOW! I was surprised when she bring her 3 cute kittens to me
He usually just nudges the glass but not this time
Damn hooman, you sure make a crap coffee!
Baby Moose 1, Car 0
Geronimooooo
Lumpy.
God damnit Randy
Winston isn’t fond of her skulls
When you’re trying to take a shower but someone gets there before you
Cape sundew eating a fly (wait for it)
She has her own bowl, but I guess it’s not good enough
Sometimes you need to fall in order to learn to get back up...
He just couldn't resist.
This squirrel stole my soup cracker.
My cat watching my dad pick cat poop out of his shoes
Copper the Destroyer
Is he pleased with himself? Yes.
Squirrels really are thieving jerks. This one would always steal our tomatoes shortly before turning ripe.
My mom bought my dog a nice big bed. Too bad the cat likes it.
Post only animals being bros
Wait for it... (xpost from /r/aww)
My doggo can lift more than I can!
not exactly the easter bunny photo you hope for
no wonder the bird feeder is always empty
Relaxing music for cats
This freaking squirrel stole my friend’s bagel...
Boink!
He does this type of shit all the time
Jerk deer in Nara Japan headbutts my son during a family picture for no reason.
What an ass.
My girlfriend is singing me a love song, my dog says otherwise
Doggo destruction
Crime scene photos
Not cool...
Let me catch a fish from the aquarium
She has her own food, but insists on eating his
Daemon Cat
My dog has an alarming amount of patience...
He attacc. He distracc. But most importantly, he snacc.
Wait for it...
Wasn’t me
She uses her brother's weakness to get what she wants
Jerk cat drinking my water, you have your own water..
My cat has an alarming amount of self control
Our dog, Phoebe, photobombing my girlfriends “sunbathing in the backyard life is awesome” picture.
Swan sits on motorway for an hour during Easter getaway
Fight me
Day 2 of new husky's arrival. Taking selfies with master already. Urge to kill at maximum.
Cat has a no refund policy for money given to him
Relentless Pursuit
A peaceful protest of the snow plow.
Oh, you just cleaned the counter? I don't give a shit.
These two beluga whales fought over the green tarp for over 5 minutes at the Georgia Aquarium, smiles on faces the entire time
Little dog wouldn't move over
I'm not sure what she does mean.
Cute boop thing doesn’t work on asshole cat
Printer cat guarding her spoils. 38 test pages in under a week.
The surprise come in..
Any problem hooman
HEY! He's with me
oh no
Go wash your feet!
Hunters with ADHD
Little craphead tearing up her bed while we're at work
Knight takes pawn bitch!
For weeks we couldn’t work out why our printer kept printing test pages. Turns out it’s the cat standing on the buttons until something pri…
My German shepherd likes to annoy my rat terrier
Cat would not get off hood...... I was late for work😡😂
No. You pet ME.
Cat tree is for cats only!
You shall not pass!
Not just cuddly animals can be jerks...
Blue has informed me that it is bedtime, not time to look over notes.
Arrested for harassing bitches
Jerky Turkey vs. Utility Van!
Roses are red, violets are blue, I laughed at this, you'll laugh at it too
Came home from supermarket, found smoke detector beeping lo-battery, dog freaked out and house destroyed
Poor cat. It's trying to tell the dog to piss off mate.
Ah Fuck
Time for this week's Wednesday
No more noodles for you
He looks a little ‘hangry’
Doggo takes over classmate's seat.
Human is jerk, Bearded Dragon is bigger jerk back.
Hey guys, your feeder fell down
"NOOOOooodles!"
He decided to make a new bed for himself while I was at school
What elephants call “an ordinary day in the safari"
He took my squash off the coffee table and chewed it up but didn't eat it !!
What elephants call “an ordinary day in the safari"
"NOOOOooodles!"
Goose vs. Soldier
What? I don't feel like jumping mkay
Lawl
Classic Hit and Run
What elephants call “an ordinary day in the safari"
Spot the Jerk
well that was fair
Well, thats just not nice
Have fun in water
Chased out of pond by very hangry ducks
"The Lion King" on the Hunt for Wild Games
Nothing to see here,just an ordinary day in Thailand...
Charlie Brown thinks the recliner is all his....
Mondays,...
Boo motherfucker
He sits where he pleases
Luke is a lip biter
Computer time’s over, ape!
Overprotective doggo.
Bearded dragon and corgi have a tug-of-war
It Was Super Effective
All I want to do is relax
When you try and take the other cats food bowl away because the fat one keeps eating it...
cat hates dog master
Dose this count
Capybara: You've got to be kidding me
Dog insists on owner going for a swim.
Getting too close to a wild fox wcgw.
Gimme Your Mane
Men’s best friend, but not every man
Bird bullying another bird
"Hey, she's my mom too!"
My big girl, Charlie won’t let Muffin into the house, since she has gotten too big to squeeze through the gate herself.
Can you tell if Charlie got in the trash?
Sneak attack from the referee
LOLA VS PAT THE CAT. FIGHT.”
I shit on your dreams
"Oh you think this is a game..."
KO
WreCked mY shOt
Pet Python Trying to Eat a Finger
Why you gotta do em like that
Curiosity gets your wallet stolen
Just no
Dad, get the ball plz !
Fetch faster!
When your cat won't let you work
This cat knew exactly what it was doing
Hmm yeah... This isn't going to work
Dog Uber
My dog when a package arrives.
Cat showing some love
Holy Mother of Cow
Dog getting bullied
Let me eat please
Diving near a sword fish
When pugs attack.
Thug
Whale shark stealing a fishers catch
I know I'm going to hell because this, but I can not stop laughing
Our bunny humps all the balloons I give my toddler
Goodbye friend!
"Quiet, we're talking."
eurasian tree sparrows fighting
Pay attention to me, human!
You want a kiss ,human ?
Hey you rude asshole
The squirrel took it and uploaded the video to his Twitter
Get your stinking paws off me you damed dirty ape!
This weekend my girlfriend and I stayed in a cabin in southern Ohio. The property owner's dog, Barkley, was our tour guide. Here is a pictu…
sneak attack
Move Human
Flamingo doesn't want to be in a selfie!
Eating their own kind
Good morning Momma
My Australian cattle dog does this when I try to water anything.
I think not
Professional booper
This is why we can’t have nice things.
Eagle destroys drone
Just... gotta... catch it
so you caught me on camera - think i care ?
Student knocked out by deer during fire drill
He doesn't even try to hide what he's about to do
When you want to take a majestic picture of your Lab but the jealous cat photobombs it! [OC]
I'll just stop here for lunch
Cat being a cat
You obey me, hooman
God damn possum eating my melon
Dog Takes Another Dog’s Leash
Two goats being jerks to each other in a circle.
That’s a bold move little girl!
My sister's pup caught in a moment of mischief
Cat assassinating lone woof
Cat goes for a swim
"I don't have any room in my life right now for more friends."
My nephew playing the flinch game with a Mandrill monkey. He lost.
You have an ENTIRE HOUSE to go find yourself a spot so that you can get sick...
Bitch why you bothering me?!?
Someone is going to be upset.
My mom’s puppy just trying to make friends with my cat
This dog refused to keep walking. The owner had to pick them up. That’s a smug look.
"Mean cat"
Stay still while I chew this bone on your back
Ugh! Doggos texting and driving!
"What are you looking at, dogbreath?"
...but Mommm!
Anyone else have this problem when you're trying to draw?
Wake up call..
My cat ate my homework.
Here pass this on
15 Pages Later
Bird throwing everything on the floor.
Let me quickly disturb this hooman
Chimp threads the needle with an absolute perfect poop toss
Well, apparently they didn't like the curtains..
Come at me BRO - Jerk Alert
Chia gives no shits about whose drink it is
The old “don’t move and he won’t see me” trick
You stole my poop. I stole your chair.
Interception
My dog gives the books I buy for her a very....ruff review.
Your slippers will feel much better with mulch in them, trust me.
I hate you... but I love you
i know you were trying to sleep but
Because blocking the screen isn't enough, I most also claw it!
My friend’s pup visibly pouts and asks to leave when taken anywhere
Cat burglar broke my Sonos soundbar...
Went hiking at the Rocky Mountains and this little guy didn’t appreciate my kindness...
Does anyone have derpy dogs, or is it just my Oscar? lol
Nobody likes a snitch
If we were stranded in the desert, I’d be screwed
The pillow just doesn't cut it for him
Caught Red-Handed Hands UP
I wonder who ate the couch?
I wonder who ate the couch?
Angry Ox and innocent pedestrian
That’s enough Reddit for today.
Needless to say, my sister doesn't have that lamp anymore.
Finally caught him stealing the mushrooms!
Washed and dried my blankets bc they smelled like dog.... now I get to do it again.
x-post from r/awww: my cat is a jerk
Kitty goes for the gold(en)
Gorilla father annoyed by his son
That rare time the cat is the squatee
Photobomb
Gorilla father annoyed by his son
I just spent an hour outside trying to keep this asshole from barking at the new puppies next door. Finally got him in & he passed out.…
...and I wonder, still I wonder, who'll stop the rain...
When you're on someone else's turf
Never nap at the zoo
this snek is clearly not a sublime fan (or fan of girl)
The pillow doesn't do it anymore...
This dog used to argue with me on a regular basis. He passed away in Feb '15
Tikka taking it easy on account of her cone
You can see that cat gettin more and more pissed
Stop boopping me from the back dude
Assault with a deadly tail
Going on a trip with your best friend
Smile for the camera
Promising baby-sitter
You don't need these
Bitch give me all your bananas
He looks pleased...maybe because moments before he was an inch away from pooping on my head
Murphy wasn’t happy about meeting the new pup for the first time.
Stop nudging me!
So much for relaxing after that great massage I got.
When your turn is over but you don’t wanna
Meowhammad Ali
No piano!! Only pets and loves!!
[Repost] The Ol Hit N Run
He won’t get off my chair unless I move his bed to the middle of the floor and then after I do he lays on the side of it
Have a seat...
This cat clearly scratched my arm and feels no remorse about it therefore he is a jerk
Laying on the floor trying to do some traction on my neck.
Birthday boy
The noise of the traffic probably annoyed the cow.
What did you learn?
surprise attack
love my boy!
Not again, Charlie! He took the roll right off the holder and had a middle-of-the-night shredding party.
Orangutan being a jerk.
How the Calinator lays down for evening cuddles
This is how difficult my life really is as of late 😂
Giant squid wants a paddleboard
So we fucked your bed up, get a new one.
This crab with a knife.
Fuck this car in particular
Oh, were you sleeping?
From the local police blotter - no word on whether the squirrels were charged with vandalism or B&E
Bird flies into roller coaster rider.
Pow! right in the kisser
Cat constantly takes over sweet dog’s bed
Buddy reacts to the casual bird killer.
Hey, hey, hey shake on it.........pause NOT!!
Punching your sister in the face so you can have all the treats
Anyone seen Loretta?
Worse than a cat
Looks like the cockatoos enjoyed my grapefruit a lot more than I would have
All she needed was 30 seconds to devour a piece of pizza and drop the rest on the floor.
Boxing cat
Fuck you Santa
Deserved?
Oh, were you sleeping in today?
Dutch Terror Owl Strikes Again
These little assholes just tore up their 3rd bed
Now where am I gonna sleep?
He graciously allowed her a corner of her own bed.
I don't know what happened mum, I was sleeping then it just EXPLODED!
What happened here...
Cat is a fast learner
He's so proud...
Wait for it... wait for it...
Figured this belonged here
How dare you try sharing in front of me?!
Woke up to a cute toddler donkey being a complete ass
Cat wants to be friends...
Big panda won't share bamboo with little panda.
must......make........100%.....sure......they.......all.........land.......gently. darn im good
Surprising move from the ref
down low - too slow
Doggo does a bamboozle
My cat when I'm going to bed
A bat got into this Irish family's home and it's the best thing.
Give me my money, b*tch!
When I try to pet him and he realizes I don’t have food in my hand
Brothers are jerks
Stop eating my food!!!
Not sure if this posted before.
My cat hates olives
Fixed it!
Oops
Squirrel anti USA?!?
Heck your personal space
I'll be nice to you... temporarily
Defend the Fort
Stop Eating My Food
Cat VS Dog
Touching your buddy
911? Yes, my Hermit Crabs are fighting!
Let me in!
Well that sucks
Don't touch my PET bottle!
Don’t wake the bear!
Her favorite ball on her least favorite friend....
Dont you dare
This is MY camera now.
This is MY camera now.
Pet me or I attack her!
Mylow bullying his brother
Dont you just hate it when you’re minding your own business and then suddenly get tackled by a monkey on a scooter?
Found this sign in Iowa. Even the deer hate living here.
You're old, i'm young, get out!
Yolo
Cat has no time for walk overs
Received this photo from my northern friend with the following title: “My dog is a jerk.” 1.5 year old Great Dane with just a bit of separa…
Calm down kitto
No means no, Larry!
Knocked down
If you can believe it, these two came together for the price of one at PetSmart.
Nice cookie you've got there
Cat totally nails this kid
This dolphin splashing a bird.
Dog interrupts treat time for kitties
Found this sign in Iowa. Even the deer hate it there.
Little brothers are seriously the worst
An enraged duck is being tracked by students at MIT after someone fed it Soylent
Friends nephew at the petting zoo..
Dog gets bitten by a lizard.
Stepping stone.
Coupla jerks acting like jerks.
Hamster was a jerk
Just because
Good thing you have two monitors...
I found her laying on him like this.
My dog brutally uprooting our succulents
Hey that’s mine
"No photographs"
I wasn’t hungry anyways
This dog doesn't take "no" for an answer
Looked up from my phone to see... this. Not really sure what my boys are up to, here.
Screw you two guys in particular
My log
Oh yeah, this is fun. Oh shit!!
Stealing from the emergency water supply. He has several other options!
Me jerk rabbit jerkin up me teepee
Fox on Dog
Animals with complete jerks
Oh look, a big one!
That escalated quickly
Go ahead and put your butthole in my face, that’s totally fine.... my husband is also a jerk for allowing this to happen and taking a photo
He won’t move and I know he heard and felt me try to move him. I guess I need to move somewhere else
Her stare is making him cry.
Human is a very good surfboard
Trying to relax in the sun with a bone
'Hey cat' ... Bam ... 'Forget it'
You call that a kiss? Shame on you!
Dog on a not tin roof
I’ll be taking that....
PsYcHO DoG ForCEs CaT inTO eTerNaL DarkNESS
The morning after a big bash can be exciting
Watch me neigh neigh
Cat-snake
Nice hole in the ice you've done here. Mind if I stay here? (Walrus doesn't let people make their work.)
Henry letting his feelings known about wearing the cone.
I'm gonna pet these nice doggos, What could go wrong?
Very precarious position, jerk potential
"I LOVE YOU, I MISSED YOU!"
Bunny says it's time to wake up now
Doggo side-eyeing the crap outta me
Foul beast sends cat into eternal darkness
Don’t mess with your older brother
You filming me?! Hiyaaa!
Seagulls battle for starfish
This shameless thief
Dog tries to wake up sleeping pig (x-post from r/AnimalsBeingSleepy )
Would you like your trees trimmed? No? Too bad.
Get back here!
Even fake animals can be jerks.
If you hold down the car horn, they hurry and finish up their errands faster!
A perfectly timed photo of Goldilocks attacking my niece.
The animal kingdom is still searching for payback on behalf of their fallen brother Harambe
All I wanted was a nap. Nelson had other ideas.
Puppy sitting is annoying
When the venti quad latte finally kicks in...
Kitty won't let puppy finish his meal
Wild Otter Remains At-Large In Florida After Attacking 77-Year-Old Woman
It’s mine
Thumper, 7yrs, The time he goes of camera he’s running around the house before I chase him back
Wait till the end
Helpful dog assists at bedtime
Duck welcomes new dog to town
New puppy doesn't let old dog get much sleep.
This dog does not like people running
This dog does not like people running
Battery died
When your cat has a pet of its own.
Get out bro
A joyful mess
Scooter driver helping a woman catch her runaway horse
Spotted pillow
Dance better or I'll kick you again
*Splat. Splat. Splat.*
Pitbull attacks car trying to get to a couple of cats hiding
should i tap it off , naaaaaa , i wont , FOOLED YOU
Teaching a pigeon how to fly
She's not comfortable until he's not comfortable.
An unscheduled landing
When your cat thinks your hair is a toy
Don’t get too close
The internal monologue of the cat is clear.
Annoying a sleepy cat
She hates when he is near her. Even if he was there first and that's his only avenue of escape.
I don't like You.
A monkey steals my lunch.
Wake up...Wake Up.... WAKE UP
Lily is an Asshole
Pow! Right in the kisser
Should I do it?
Giving her new brother a warm welcome
Kitten learns a lesson in choosing your battles.
Who's the muddy pup?
Fuck this shelf
My dog’s favorite seat...her fluffy black lab brother.
Watermelon thief
Dog pushes owner
Drinks from anything but the water bowl...
We wanna ride on your bike
YOINK!
Time for a nice stretch...
Every time I try to watch tv
I'd say poor dog, but it seems it was just a minor disruption. Terrible cat though.
Do your thing while I rest my butt on top of your head
You're Not Going Anywhere
Little dog needs rescuing after getting stuck on fence.
I had a dream that my cat was biting me. I wake up to pain, open my eyes, and her teeth are in my arm.
Sometimes when I whisper about or laugh at my cat, he wants me dead.
Brampton Ontario Man Gets Harassed By Wild Turkey
My Rabbit decided it was time for me to be woken up this morning...
No pictures please
Apparently my sound bar was in the way of his nap.
Someone had fun chewing up my phone charger
Can I let you go, the dog is looking at me.
A crappy shot.
Please leave me alone!
She stole her spot
My mom sent me a text saying, "So..this is my living room." One of her dogs got ahold of one of her new pillows. These are just the cats ro…
Poor cat
Shut the front door
NOPE! Papillon refuses the Agility course at Crufts 2018
😵😵
Went missing yesterday. Came home tonight about two hours after I’d printed the expensive flyers. Dick.
Man vs. Turkey
Oh, where you sitting there?
Guess how I know
Squirrel finds a new home
Found this gem unfolding while at a cat café. To top it off the cat he's sitting on is missing an eye.
My nephews and I built a snowman. Then this guy stole its nose.
"You mean you didn't want to get buried?"
This bird thinks he's a 'fucking legend'
Sneaky Cat Tries to Sneak By German Shepherd
Da rude girl gets a sandstorm
Come here we have business.
I baked a strawberry cake last night, someone helped themselves to the frosting..
I'll just run away on the easiest path through the snow. WCGW?
Easter is cancelled
What do you mean I’m not helping? Apparently, cats just happen.
I guess I'm not getting my arm back
Dusty the Cat Burglar
LiL meOw tReAcheRouSly DesTroYs tOiLeT PapEr aFteR puNiShmEnT wEnT wAy tOo fAr
Kiss
Horsey is Pissed
This sign was reactionary as opposed to precautionary.
What a meanie...
“I claim this as mine!” said Doggo
This cheeky elephant throws a rock and splashes a young rhinoceros
Labrador outsmarts corgi to keep his precious bone
I COULD KILL YA... but I'm not gunna... today anyways
A cat showing some very impressive restraint!
my cat made a hideout
Omg MOVE
Tap Tap. Tap Tap Tap Tap. Tap Tap.
This tank ain't big enough for both of us
Slam dance boi!
Caught you slippin' 😏
Woman, 77, almost drowns after being attacked by otter
"I got it!...I got it!...Almost got it that time!"
Sure there's a whole sofa to nap on. But slamdancing into you is more fun!
Little did he know, catcam captured it all
Little did he knew, catcam captured it all
Cat likes to push cat off the shelf
Pup Vs. Fidget Spinner In Slow Motion
My cat decided he wanted to sit in my bookshelf, he proceeded to remove some books to get the perfect spot.
Bitch slap
Bad place, bad time
Oliver doesn’t approve of my medication use.
Get off your rectangle, human
Fuck you, I'm a Giraffe
All the other spots were taken, so that last seagull had to get creative.
This guy snuck into a cow pasture and proceeded to harass cows for 20min, all while actively ignoring my calls.
Save some tea for me Yogi
Headache
Horse would rather do it's own thing
Lost my best friend yesterday, love you Jersey girl
That food you are eating smells good. I think I'll have a bite.
“Wake up, stupid human!!”
Defeated Doggo
Smash thy paper brethren
Outta nowhere
Trash panda doing a sneak
Cat and Duck Tickle Fight
Charcoal helping her little buddy out, adorable.
Poor Bob just wanted to take a nap, but Lenard wouldn't let him.
"These are beautiful roses. It'd be a shame if... someone ate them."
rub my belly please?.. NOT!!
You stay
Toby the Doby is grumpy with mom
When he says he’s coming home at 7 and it’s only 6:23
Equal opportunity peeing
Maybe he's being a jerk, maybe it's consensual.
Persian cat playing fetch with Dog!
I’m pretty sure Luna is flipping me off with her tail 🤔
Spot the jerk
Best seat in the house
While feeding the deer at my grandmom's house, we noticed that one of them was punching one of the others.
My dog ladies and gentlemen
It's fine, it's not like there's any room for you on this sectional couch anyways!
Met Bubbles the elephant a few summers ago. She really took a liking to my Dad<><>
Don't. Stop.
Sort your shit out, Timmy!
Drone landed in neighbor's yard
are you a player or a toy ?
Staaahhhhhpppp
The suspect and her handiwork
Here's a snake. Don't @ me, humans!
Tail check then hi-yaaa
Because I wasn’t doing anything important
Jailbreak!
Naughty monkey welcomes me to Africa
Butt-whips
Introducing new kitten to our parrot!
Turtle not able to get his fair share of food
A young elk challenges a photographer who just wants to get a few good nature shots
No sleep, play now!
Stole his human sister's dolly and is prepared to kill anyone who tries to take it from him...
I have an important math paper tomorrow, and this frog just showed up near my window,on the 2nd floor and started croaking like a rooster. …
How to get in ?
monkeys are assholes
Evil sheep knocks down its shepherd [Cross Post]
Don’t mind me, just doing my stretches
Shitty time to take a drink (xpost r/youseeingthisshit + r/unexpected)
She didn’t give me permission to watch TV without paying attention to her.
Smooth
One of them is selfish, one of them is a thief, and all of them are jerks
"i give u cone now"
My very tolerant dog
This is mine now
I do what I want human
The porky didn’t want a friend :(
The hedgy didn’t want a friend :(
He wasn’t a fan of the window film and I think he’s done with winter.
Tiger VS. Sloth bear (neither die)
Mean dogs
I'm giving away a dog
I had this dream where I was eating this biiiiiig marshmallow and... Uh oh.
Don’t sleep, look at my butt.
Little Cat decided to rearrange my room. Big Cat is enjoying the view. (photo of culprit in comments).
Wake Up Soon I wanna play with You
not exactly a jerk, but he refuses to drink any other way
Time To Wakeup
Just resting on my bed
Lunge for the last piece of the sandwich
I Want Scritches First!
Do you know where your cat is at 5 in the morning? Video and text sent from unknown pissed off neighbour. Wait for it....
Stealing my marshmallows
Penguin Attack
Think he was trying to crop dust, but pushed too hard.
Get mum!
Why Lil Meow gotta do this...
baby goat knocking over another baby goat
Where my dog decided to poop.
Nom
No pokes, humom!
Not even a slight bit of guilt in that face...
This is revenge for all of my fallen piñata comrades.
My wife left the cat in our bedroom. Someone was not happy about it
Scumbag eagle throws goat off cliff
When you are angry with someone, but...
Get up and make my breakfast, servant!
Real jerk of a pigeon doesn't take kindly to a neck rub.
Cats are the best.
Birds Sleep in Giraffe Armpits, New Photos Reveal
Don't touch my mom!
My cat "helping" clean the litter box
U fockin wot M8?
Playing with the angry claw puppy
Human, go get me a cup of coffee!
Zero fucks given
I told you not to MOVE!
Lovebird showing no love
One second before he got reamed for it
High speed dog chase on the freeway
Get out, bitch
Mad sheep exacts revenge
You Deserved it.
Little guy wont let go
Underwater beef
Dog gives cats a heart attack
Somebody found the treats
He will not be contained
Why are you petting that plastic thing when you could be petting me?
Great white jerk.
Hope you don't mind if I have a bit of your dinner
 mins after a bath and she has a dirt helmet.
My cat decided to make a bed by tearing the wall apart in my basements storage room.
Admiral Akbar does not like his roommate
Playtime over!
Set out fabric before a project
Forget about putting the toilet paper on the roller where it belongs.. this little hoe stepped her game up
This is for all my piñata friends!
Tiger just needs a hug
Jake the Bulldog vs Beast. The Smackdown!
Oh Dear, that's some trophy!
A couple of elephants fighting at the playground.
Monkeys mess with a Capybara
Thank you.
The daily struggle of hanging up a towel
New Agent Overly Excited about First Kill
Wake Up So I Can Bite You
NO TOUCHA DA CHIPPIES
Curious cat
Turtle goes after cat (x-post from /r/animalsbeingjerks)
Wont share your bone? I’ll sit on you. Nightly occurrence.
The referee said your disqualified so leave
Shut the damn door!
She couldn't figure out who was hitting her.
Woke up this morning to this little rascal
What did I tell you about moving?!
Using dirty tricks to keep Ducklings away
"For me? Thank you, good sir"
The slap heard round the world
Fuck you and your tea cup
Cat takedown
3 different kinds of pet owners.
My Dog is Beign a Jerk or Nice to the cat?
Come at me bro
This seats taken
"Surprise! This is my feather now!"
You gonna hurry up and eat me or what, bitch?
Sales calls... Amirite?!?
Stop working!!!!
I just gotta get situated here...Oh Fuck...
woof irl
Just another day in Hyrule...
The sea giveth, the sea lion taketh away
Diamond goby is a jerk
Doggo reenacts the Tortuga scene from Breaking Bad
My husky is going crazy
This happened in one minute.
Get Out! I'm Naked!
Just an AFV minding its own business.
Break it up
Ruby the Swearing Parrot
Trophy photo
This pigeon.
The only break he takes to sit on the trail and it’s in a mud puddle...
Every damn morning.
I drink your milkshake
Let me love you!
Dog won't let human swim (xpost /r/AnimalsBeingBros)
Birb does multiple sorties
Every Time I Come Out of the Bathroom this is what I See.
Waffles never rested in this spot until 15 minutes after I setup my PSVR.
Woke up to my cat on my girlfriends head this morning, sleeping until I bothered him.
What’s wrong with this?
A cat being a cat
When u just don’t care
Get off of my homework please
Dude, chill! It wasn't me, i swear!
Crazy Custody Battle. Hide Yo Kids!
It must be destroyed
Hogging the hose
I miss my puppy even though she was a pain!
No frogs were harmed...
How sweet.....wait
Sibling Rivalry
Cat is getting jealous or hungry
Atta boy
SSSSSTRIKE!
Cat faking sleep in hopes of stealing chicken
Every fucking time
Tough Love
BIRDSM
It gets better every time you watch it
You want sum?
Bad doggies.
She has no shame (she is not a jerk)
Little Mighty Man Making his Mark.
New toy
Do you think Optimum will believe it just died? 😑
So exhausted but now there's no where comfortable to sleep
REJECTED BY A CAT!!
WTF DID YOU DO TO MY IPHONE!
Xpost from r/gifs.
“Enough with the pictures!!!”
My dog when I had to leave home to go live at my University's campus
This pigeon who lives in the parking complex at a hospital.
And what?
Don’t. Freaking. Move.
On the subject of mean chickens... here’s Pancake mistaking my nostril stud for a tasty treat (x-post from /r/BackYardChickens)
My kitten chasing my sisters dog
This man and a monkey
Selfie time with Snowflake
When someone wakes you up for no reason
What You Looking at Pussy?!
Thanks dad, K bye!
“Hey, what’d you expect...?”
Two hours after baking it
He decided to sit on top of her, because she was in his spot.
Gravy denied
Just helping you trim your trees! (Sorry for bad quality)
Squatting bear chilling underneath guys house
I will impede your progress any way I can!
Humans are best consumed fresh from the shower
Asshold Koi fish steal from duckling just trying to soften his snack
You snooze, you lose
The bird just had to do it
Zero f's given
The education continues. Lesson 479 - Never leave a cup of tea unattended
We bought a new bed for the dog...
Fatto catto claimed his turf
She was asking for it
Get outta here ya weird ass lookin' horse
Dont mess with the cats dude!!! :D
Turn a cheek and I slap
Horny Cow
Pandas just don’t like to share
Puppy getting into the beer
The feud continues.
Inappropriate, totally crass roadside behavior
Now that’s what I call a steamed pig!
Let me update this for you
Worst head massage ever!
Came home from school to see two random dogs had gone through my trash can.
I'll bite your toes off
Alligator wants his fish back
This absolute troll of a dog
Don't worry Bro, I've got your back!
Talk Shit, Get Hit
Scumbag raccoon steals cats food
Let's eat our cousin.
Cat vs. Sheep
No touchy the babby
[X-post /r/gifs] Chase
Zebra provokes horse, gets the kneeling-nip attack
He doesn't want any. You can just put it by me.
Locked the cat in our room while construction happening downstairs. Every day we thought builders had let him out. After yelling at them fo…
Let's Dance.
Baby Arctic Fox Steals Man's Fish
Guarding the stairs
Asked the pup to go potty in the grass....
I'm gonna eat you little fishy
ByeSon!
Some monkeys are just mean
Causally stealing an entire pizza
That's no way to treat your brother
My cat drinking juice
Jerk and bro
In this case, the jerk is a human
Straight out of a horror movie
"Don't touch the pregnant belly."
Seat's taken.
Dog tries to wake up Pig
Stop touching the fish!!!!
Pupper Attack
Guardians of the Escalator.
When she gives you the cold shoulder
Get the camera out of my face!
Let me just climb this white car with my muddy feet
My sister’s dog ran all over my textbook an homework with her muddy paws...
This damn cat
Move it b*tch! (Loud)
And he went through with his promise...
He wants her to watch
Dog would have to wait until cat was done. It wasn't even cat food.
Sharing her big day with her dogs
Douchebag Bison
Squirrels find a spring...
This cutie tried to bring me a big dead rat at 6 am this morning! 😳
Even fish are jerks
Just drinking some water...
The facial expression
Taking my chances on the outside
Yeah, thanks bro.
boo!!
WTF are you wearing?
When mother asked "Can she sleep in your room?", this is not what i had in mind...
Hawk reminds drone that he is the king.
My brother wanted a video with Heffy..
Does this mean they work?
Obnoxious bird disrupting the community
Sound Asleep. What a sleeping beauty！
Mmm, this looks tasty.... OHSHITOHSHITOHSHIT
Is he being a jerk?
Come play with me~ Guys? Guys?
I feel like this fits better here
Posing next to his work of art.
Haha I fuck your car
My sister was robbed by a squirrel
Got home from vacation to find a yellow pages book at my door being eaten my snails
fuck yo socks
Trying to poop and our cat thinks this is acceptable behaviour.
Birds can be jerk too
I said no more duck face
Vicious dogs attack helpless boy
Pouting, Selfie and my cat
Piss off
"I told you - no snapchatting!"
Broken eggs
Short long doggo gets burglarised by tall long doggo
Waking me up on a Monday morning....
Ostrich chasing a Baby Giraffe
“I may be in a cage but that won’t stop me from stealing your toys”
rd attempt to prevent him from tipping the water bowl over. Kitten ingenuity FTW
Harrassment
Tailgaters are so annoying!
Shiba inu affection rejected.
Jaws
Poor kitty
Why!?!
Betrayal
My cat doesnt want me to workout
It's just an animal being a
Cat bites on my foot and wont let go.
I just want to love you
Don't stop!!!
Drinking from the tap
Bad Cat
Stand your ground
That headband looks ridiculous on you
He's mad at me because I told him not to eat holes in the chair
You'd think he would use his opposable thumbs for good not evil
Greedy Gator is Greedy.
"Do Not Enter. Danger of falling due to undermining by beaver."
Another Swan attacks the same guy. (To be fair, the guy was sort of rough.)
Surprise, motherfucker!
Startled Cats are like grenades
What a dick move
Another day of road work
Local gang strikes again
WUT R U DOING!!!
It wasn't me!
Cat v.s. ewe
Rescue kitten being a jerk
Cat helped me paint my dresser
Swan repeatedly attacks man who saves its kid
Just want to play Tag!
Ichabod!!! We wipe our mouths with those!
She didn’t like her breakfast
Angry Bird
Boop boop boop boop
Blocking the stairs
Just going for a ride
Luna brought her pine cone inside and destroyed it while I was distractedly scrolling through my reddit feed.
Just drinking some water
Bear saves Crow from drowning
Bird stealing fur from sleeping dog
Just let the bird eat
This is the 5th bed this year...
Seriously?
Why the eggs?!?!!!
Fluffy Attack!!
Who needs flowers, Huskies bloom in Spring.
It’s mine don’t even think about it
Gifted my dog a giant stuffed animal for Valentine’s Day and he immediately ripped its face off
Had to go get my glasses adjusted and ear tested....
Squirrel was enjoying some nuts until a goose showed up.
My 18 year old hates phones and loves being dramatic.
....Aaaand He's Down!
I hope this dikhed has insurance.
No snitches in this room.
Rude cat
When your older sibling decides to take a nap on your bed and you just won't stand for it
Rude cat
Screw you Rex
I will slowly pursue you everywhere.
Gotta give the little guy credit....almost!
Cute picture for the gram
One day ill get peace when having a bath but today is not that day
Well that's just rude
The Attack of the Wellie Eating Rat
r/AminalsBeingJerks is trending!
When a couple of goats were up to no good
Pinned
This is my escalator, not yours.
Smudge Kitten Gets Busted.
I’m just gonna lay on these nice clean clothes
Excuse me! You will look me in the eye while I am disliking you.
Where there is a will there is a way
Mi escalatah, su escalatah
My tortoise bites my cat for real
My dog is really anxious about being touched by the cat and she knows it
When you want to play PUBG but your cat is a jerk
Two flys were doing the dirty on my car this morning.
You gonna cage me?!
Mind if I stretch out on top of your homework?
Are animal boxing fights even a thing?
My cat likes to steal money
Well, I guess I won't have cheese on my sandwich...
"Well, I guess I'll just help myself then"
Cat dunking in snow
My Dog tried to steal a throw pillow.
These turkeys were wandering around in the street blocking traffic this morning by Cambridge Central Square.
Give me a kiss honey
Zero f*cks given
My turn now...
Not even my cat will be my Valentine :(
Jerk level: Completely Unashamed
"Fine, next time I won't refill it when it goes empty!"
This explains the screwdrivers in my bed, right?
MINE, all mine!
Hungry bird is a kleptomaniac
Apparently I wasn't the only one that thought it would be nice to sit in the sun
Dolphin...um...
“Don’t worry I killed it for you, Mom!”
Kitty gets caught in black lab stampede
Elk Takes Down a Helecopter
Yoink!
Surprise shower
No, it’s cool. I didn’t want to watch this.
My dog meeting my sisters dogs for the first time... they had him in this corner for like 30 minutes.
Moose Vs. Tree
If only he could find a device designed for running infinitely on it
Grizzly bear taking up the whole road
Who is the bigger jerk? Bird or dog?
Grizzly bear taking up the whole road
Catfishing
He thought he was tough.
Here’s another one of my dog taking my clothes outside
Play with me or ill eat your phone!
Big black chicken scares reporter
My dog drags my clothes outside when I am working
The cat wasn't impressed
My cat stole my dogs bed
Play with me or I claws your eyes out
Goat: 1, Dad reflexes: n/a
You didn't need that pencil
I'm the puppy now.
This gorilla REALLY hates the paparazzi
Lap-Lop
Your homework? Never heard about it.
“Hey, stop that dog!! He stole my ball!”
You shall not pass!
Octopus lashes out at paparazzi
There can be only one.
I'm not interested if you're going on holiday. I'm going with you and that's that.
Just received a new bed
Leaving the crime scene
God Damm Squirrels
We can do this all day
My dog so badly wanted to sniff Moe that he actually got in the tub to do so. He hates the tub cause that's where baths happen lol. Poor Mo…
Today this crow stole my dog's bone and set it on the fence top. Now he is pulling bits of branch from the tree and dropping them down to h…
I’m almost certain he’s trying to figure out why he wanted to come over for a play date. 😐
The joy of owning a cat
Unexpected
Leave those wires alone
He likes to drink out of vases, tipped it over, now sleeping in his mess...
Get yourself a classy cat who likes jazz and wine with a roast
Alligator tears apart truck
Epic cat and dog battle
The joy of owning a cat
Those pesky anteaters
Sneak attack
What did I do to deserve this?
Teething
I smile because i have no idea what's going on
guess I'm a footrest now...
defenses are down, NOW! oof
Cat has the high ground.
I woke up at 3 A.M. thinking I was being burglarized... Turns out my new kitten likes vases
Those Seals will SEAL you later.
My cat has successfully claimed the dog’s bed as his own.
“This is fine”
We're done here.
Every time I try to drink my morning cofee
Baloo is getting tired of the new cats shit.
I made a pillow fort for my kitten, she didn't appreciate her big brother trespassing
Foxy sat on the wrong side of the chair.
Just a love bite.
Cat doesn't want to get his paw wet
Better watch your back
My cat won't look at me when she's mad
The day I finally gave up on having potted plants in the backyard.
Never walk away from your spaghetti...
Stahp, hooman. I'm colorblind, not deaf.
Ricky will cut you.
Pop, lock, and drop it
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me
I believe that cats go to a special jerk school
Even big cats are rude
hahaha😍
Tiny jerks having a party atop their mama's safety box.
This is the third time my cat has done this in two days. Three rolls of toilet paper gone. And she’s proud.
my cat thinks he's a trash panda
You gonna finish this?
What a butthead.
it got me everytime
Penny Won't Let Doggo Thru Without a Multipass
I'm not touching you. I'm not touching you. I'm not touching you.....
He thinks he’s being helpful 🙄
I choose to lay here.
I don't need your mockery
This bread will be mine
He's such a sweetheart.
He loves pissing her off
You came to the wrong neighborhood
Meet Sasha, who has voluntarily agreed to remodel my entire yard
A puppy dog bitten by a cat.
Happiness is a kitty on the kitchen counter waiting for catnip.
Wakeeee upppp!
Raiko #2 being a jerk
Tooty wants the booty
Don't
He’s a little ‘in your face’ about showing dominance.
An apathetic jerk.
That’s my food
My girl scout cookies bitch!
Don't grunt at me
"Hey you! Other cat! Fuck you."
What a good excuse for not completing homework
Aaannd.. That's mine now..
"F@ck you Garfield, it's mine"
She found the left over Christmas bones that weren’t for her
This asshole.
Could you imagine running the windshield wipers?
My makeup sponge!
"Go ahead, do something about it."
Don't be a fool with your hands against a light saber
‘I’ll scratch it too’
My cat does this a lot
You wouldn't last 5 seconds in the wild.
Cat attack!
Fucking Cat...
"You wouldn't last 5 seconds in the wild."
Rat on an escalator
You wouldn't last 5 seconds in the wild.
Cat bullying another cat
Cats are so tidy
I Just Try To Boop
I trusted him too much
Let me hold you! “No.”
Beagle dog opens fridge and eats pizza
Shorty is a little jerk
Rat on a broken Escalator
Excuse me Sir, do you have moment to talk about our lord and savior Jesus Christ?...
Poor Doggo
I told you not to come anywhere near
No way my friend is getting her blanket back..
One of my cats is a jerk
Punishing the innocent dog for something he didn't even do.
You've got mail
Move bitch, get out the way
Here’s my cat, immediately after shitting in the bath and refusing to move from my chair.
This looks like the perfect spot
Fuck this sign in particular
I tried the egg thing with my pit bull friend, Stella
“This is my pillow...and my curtain...that fell...I had nothing to do with this...”
I got your main for you.
I tried the egg thing with my dog... she's apparently just a bitch.
When an emergency occurs
Not quite 'being a jerk'...
Dog Steals Pancake, Starts Small Fire, Naps
This looks like a nice place to sit.
I still love him though
Whose bed is it really?
Egg experiment with border collies. Are they really smart or really stupid?
My mom sent me this picture today of someone caught in the act...
Plenty of birds loved that tree.
He wanted a better view
Gotcha!
jerk turkey
We Meet Them At The World’s Largest Mangrove Forest Sundarban
When your butt is itching you gotta scratch
My dog plotting my murder because she can’t have 50 treats a day instead of her food.
No Personal Space EVER !!!!🤣🤣🤣
Dog’s tail; cat’s toy.
I should have called shotgun.
Photo op with monkeys
THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE!
My demon cat
Nice boat you got! It would be a shame if something were to happen...
Birb.exe Stopped working
Dog steals a pancake and sets the house on fire
As I was losing, I asked him to intervene and sabotage the playing board.
Every. Fucking. Time.
Fuck you! I'm going outside!
After begging me to throw the ball for her
Still a good boy tho
Golden retriever gets egg and won’t give it back
Horny !!
BUTT I won't give up!
Literally the cutest thing i have ever seen
 Minutes Left in the Game
I didn’t want to give him another bone, so he started looking at me like this...
“I’ll come see if you’re okay when I damn well please.”
Get that out of here! (xpost from r/hitmanimals)
Cat fight...
"Get this frog away from me!"
Cat Teaches Asshole Tiger A Lesson.
Cat beats up lion
Caracal bites ass
Willow harassing my little brother
When your cat wants to groom you.
I’ll sit where I want
Just brutal, the poor bastard never even saw it coming
You trying to pet my sister huh?
No birds allowed.
It belongs here
Stay away from me
Thou shall not pass...without me.
The Chameleon attacked a man and bit him
No Sleep! Only Play!
Come on dude, that's where we eat 🤦‍♀️
Not a single fuck was given that day
Ready. Set... Fuck you, I win!
Ready. Set... Fuck you, I win!
Daily Occurrence
Neighbor Cat Left Me a Present
"Fight me, you cowards."
"Come on, share!"..."Alright, here you go...nah, I changed my mind."
Sneak attack
Just a pleasant day at the farm festival.
Wake Up Kitty.
Save me....this bint has been laying on me for 2 hours now
WAKE...UP....WAKE...UP......WAKE UP!!
"Look at what I've made for you"
I don't Like You kitty.
"My bubbles!"
"My bubbles!"
Wait your turn!
My dog is normally pretty nice...
I printed out yoga poses to try. My cat did not approve.
MINEE
High on quack
feeding a 17 year old shiba with dementia
The cat just had to walk over my laptop
feeding a 17 year old shiba with dementia
Old dog getting spoonfed while cat tries to steal food from his bowl (x/post from /r/aww)
What beautiful calligraphy! 🐾
Bird wants to try out for the NBA
Wild piggies raising hell outside my university
shark is hungry for some boat
cat repeatedly steals food from a 17 year old shiba with dementia
And then afterwards they cuddled
Got up for beer and she's at it again!
His girlfriend is stuck in a trap, and he thinks only of one thing.
Breathtaking calligraphy
Slipper thief
"Wow this is some breathtaking calligraphy, oh..."
You may sleep AFTER...I...EAT!
Slap
There can only be one
This is the hat I wear when I walk the dog. Subtle, no?
My cat doesn't like homework either...
Thought it might belong here
Oliver offers a dissenting opinion
I see a lot of animals that dislike their humans doing homework. Here's my pup who wouldn't let me study during finals last semester.
He licked it so it’s his now :(
I see your cat not wanting you to do your homework and raise you my dog not wanting me to do homework
My dog took a (incredibly accurate) dump directly in my mother in laws shoe.
I win!
Cat disapproves of your spying
Aussie man describes horny dolphin
Tapir giving its cameraman a shower.
Not everyone is happy about the rescue kitty we took in.
My cat doesn't want me doing homework either
YOU SHALL NOT EXIT
its fun being a cat
My cat doesn’t want me to do my homework
My sister-in-laws dog wouldn’t let me kiss her.
"Leave the internet and come play with me."
Apocalyptic piggeons
WAKE UP
That escalated quickly
That escalated quickly
Finish him!
You're done with that, right?
Cyclist wiped out by kangaroo
Dog gives cat a face full of snow
This cat lives in the dorm beneath me
Dinner thief.
Puppy playing with the boss of the house.
Kangaroo has had enough of your cycling
Brothers
Who's the boss?
Interspecies Turf war on my lap
Turkey is not a fan of police
Snowy owls mess everything up at the airport, ironically
My parents went out, laughing that Luna looked like she was in a naughty mood. Ten minutes later I come out of the bath and find this
That’s some nice calligraphy you got there
That's some nice caligraphy you got there
let me water your floor
Baby Humpback is sick of Mom's shit
You've been warned human,thrice.
This crab is making its way down a pipe and peeling paint off. Thanks for the mess, jerk.
He's so peaceful ♥
Face wash
X-post from r/gifs
Oh, were you doing fancy writing?
That’s a no parking zone
Thievin’ bitch!
That's some nice calligraphy you got there...
Terrible mother goose
It takes a village
Get her guys while I record it
Dodge, ATTACK! Die Hooman!
thought we were being blessed with the presence of a bobcat...
Cat: this is my special day
You got yourself into this mess, so you can get yourself out of it.
My cat was sleeping in the dog's spot, so he passive-aggressively sat on her.
Taking advantage of her birthday privileges already
Dog destroys front of house in one move
Thanks for inviting me
Do you like dogs that hang out with cats
“Feed me or you die.”
Left the room for 10 minutes...
"Thanks for the free lunch jim." (x-post r/WTF)
Bent over to plug my phone in to charge, became instant furniture for feline.
Elephant crosses China-Laos border during early morning stroll
Solid landing
Me getting head-butted by a dog
Squirrel stole my pizza, carries it up a tree, taunts me with it.
monkey stole the water🍻
Monkey see, monkey do!
A Giant Tuna Fish Swallows The Seagull Then Spits It Out
This cat (x-post r/penmanshipPorn
Guy flips off monkey, gets dropped like a sack of potatoes (x-post r/wellthatsucks)
She wasn’t happy until I gave up and left my warm tea mug there.
Heard you talking trash!
Horse used bodyslam
Girl turns into a pancake
When the dog destroys your sofa, and you can’t afford to have it reupholstered, you take matters into your own hands.
Shoutout to this asshole for hiding IN A VENT for an hour while we tore up the apartment trying to find him
Watch Out Watch Out Watch Out... RKO!!! (x-post from r/nononono
Hugo... Boomer is NOT up for playing right now!
Teach me how to howl big brother
"Play with me" "FOR THE LAST TIME I'VE TOLD YOU NO"
What?
Spawn of Shelob in my living room. I was trapped on the couch until 4am. Figured this might be an appropriate first post on Reddit.
Every time...
Get off her, she’s mine.
She is helping with puzzles
Canned beef review and a cat
Rejection
How my dog looks at me. I think he's plotting something fierce...
Cold Stare
Look how proud she is off her destruction
Hello hooman
AwwAAHH
She's mine now, John.
My cat and the printer
It's his car now. (original reversed)
I thought he was going to cuddle but nevermind..
Our kitten quietly eating the gray cats food didn’t realize she was caught
my poor plant didn’t stand a chance
Cats being cats
This is why ill never have kids.
Right to the family jewels!
Wake up, I want to play!
Don't touch my tail
Interrupted cuddle time
Is there a problem?
I forgot to let my dog outside to pee..he looked at me and made this..with his pee.
Vicious Kitten Attack (gone wild)!
Snake just wanted to play
When you just want to play some pool..
The way my roommate's cat likes to snuggle
When you see someone cut in line
Flat out like a lizard drinking...
The look i get when i ask why she's being an asshole and blocking her "sister" from coming inside through the kitty door.
“IM THE KING OF THE WORLDDD” -Seagull, probably.
"Oh, I don't want to come in. I just wanted you to open the door."
Wait for it. Bruh.
Ugly duckling or racism?
x4 foot tank, and he poops in his water bowl
Can I has my food please?
I think I unintentionally irritated the neighborhood squirrel
So glad I spent $80 on a new bed for my dog...
The greatest bamboozle
Hey Cat!
“Don’t worry. I’m good”- the cat probably
Tony Barksdale
Some cats just want to watch the world burn.
Only Ozzy is allowed to sit behind the driver.
Cheeky lion cub! Photo credit: @latestkruger
Me only
Only to me
Dog steals cat's bag.
always cute, you all bring me happy.
Trying to surprise your girlfriend with a puppy
Cats being cats
FFS Jerry...
Startled Kitteh = Revenge Kitteh
Husky puppy wont let pig sleep
When the overlord cat doesn’t allow naps
Oh sorry, I was gonna hump the air but you were in my way
2 kitties minding their business get harassed by aggressive dog
Whenever I sit down to do some reading. Stare of death (or walkies)
Cats being cats
Mickey? MICKEY?! NOOOOOO....
It's ok, i can eat first
Where did that truck come from?
Cats being cats
Puppy wants cat to wake up and play instead of sleep.
she stole a dollar out of my hand and refused to give it back
Little elephant doesn't want to be interviewed.
This is Chibi. He uprooted his leash from the backyard, then decided to have a mud bath. This is how we found him.
Our cat likes to bask in the fact the dog gets kenneled and he doesn’t.
killed you 3 times in my head
Dog steals burger
I don’t want to be pet. #meowtoo
Just chillin in the yard with her stick
And the chihuahua said, nevermore.
Dog saves owner from vicious animal attack
Someone is comfy
Well, here I go killing again...
My cat “killed” this pepper
When your dog says "I'm still sleepy asshole"!
Love and dirty-love relationship.
The Face Says It All
You weren't eating that were you?
Cheeky monkey puts its hands in a naughty place
"Oh you think this is a game..."
Sometimes you just feel like a dog at a llama orgy
Always wondered why all my plants die... Caught him in the act
Images of the Destruction Caused by the Mini Pigs We Love :)
Turtles climbing curtain
Trash Cat
My daughter and I trying to play Operation—Maple says ‘not today!’
Oh you WANTED these?
What? Surely, you'd rather watch me.
Chicken revenge
Fake News
Let me present the Wildtrash
Every Damn Day!
Humans Attempt To Do A Christmas Card Photoshoot With Their Husky, And The Result Is Just Too Funny
My dad's dog doesn't need a can opener. Bad dog.
Sheldon knows he's not allowed on the backs of furniture. So what do I catch him doing the second I leave the house?! Little turd is having…
Fly Little Birdie
Chicken being a completely jerk
Axolotl just wants to be friends... Or is taunting her
Wake up wake up wake up.
Let me just step on your head...
Paper shredder 9000
She does this when you don’t give her enough attention.
I wanted to take a majestic nature photo. Monkey was a jerk about it.
Why it's so easy to be late for work...
Murphy won’t give me my pants.
Our spare sofa is mostly just for Jay. He’d rather sit on my bag. Every. Time.
B A D B o Y e
A perfectly nice pet turning into a savage attack.
Okay, enough is enough.
Okay, that’s enough of you.
Dog has no respect for other's privacy.
My cat interrupting my game of Magic: The Gathering
Kitten wants attention.
My girlfriend told me to try Yoga. This is what happens every time.
Pandas won't let the zoo keeeper do his job
Fuzzy cows harrasing a fucking duck
Don’t look at me like that
Drone test flight 101
Taco and Lugnut at it again
Got your tail!
The thanks I get for feeding him
Here, let me help you cross the street
Stop THAT or i will CUT you!!
Alpha bird shows who's boss around here
No sense of personal space..
Never turn your back on Monkeys from Gibraltar
Head shot with slinky
Do I have your attention now? More peanuts, please.
As cocks are popular today on reddit, here is the aftermath of rough cock/chicken sex I witnessed this summer.
Smack that tail
Tick tock..tick tock, down goes the grandfather clock
I guess I’m not playing on my pc today.
If it fits she sits.
Snake becomes a pain in the ass
They call this 'alcohol abuse'
Why can’t I land on you, bird bro?
This horrible scraping noise she makes when she wants to go outside
Finally caught the ice thief in action!
Tock! Tock! Tock!
Poor doggo being attacked by wild cat
Guess I need to buy another cave bed! My cat just stole my dog’s bed!
You know you're whipped by your animal when...
This A-hole
Mantis Shrimp punches claw off a crab
Kitten sleeps across two beds. Other cat gets floor
For my 10th cakeday I give you Peanut and Piper who are still learning how to play together
She’s turning twelve this year and still can’t help chewing anything not out of reach
“Too bad you’re stuck down there...”
Really?
Unexpected love story
You thought cats are jerks
This looks like a good spot xpost from r/thecatdimension
wow mom you're ugly, let me fix that for you
Mom breaks her daughter free by chewing through her leash.
The look of accomplishment
Rammed!
Get out of my neighborhood, punk!
Now it's your turn!
My one dog doesn’t know how to react to the cat, so he sits on another dog
Intercepted!
Not supposed to touch the kitty...sabotage!
When you actually have to tell people your cat actually isnt missing
RIP Egg
If your pet is a jerk, be sure to tip off your pizza guy. (A note I received tonight.)
Stop....stop....I SAID STOP!
whoops!
Australian birds of prey deliberately spreading forest fires as a way to hunt. O_O
My cat trying to chew out my wrist
Go away squirrel! This is my tree!
"You can't tell me what to do human"
Kitten hitting dog
Best friends
Cat ruins concrete [x-post from /r/MEOW_IRL]
Give him the ball !
I was putting my shoes on and he decided to pop a squat.. asshole.
Should have known better than to leave out a ball of yarn
He's asleep - now the shell is mine!
Not pleased with the favouritism
Im not a mountain!
Australian "Firehawk" Raptors, such as this Black Kite, have recently been found to purposefully spread wildfires, by carrying smouldering …
Pretending he didn’t steal the hair tie...
A little bit of crazy
Egret regret
Let me be...I'm pooped...
I wasn't trying to read or anything
She wanted to feed the seagulls
Our dog thinks he is getting back at UPS man by tearing the box apart.
Leaving in a huff after an attempted break-in
Don't get near my kids.
No Cleaning!
Johnny let’s go for a walkie
Wai u do dis...
Duck holding up traffic in Reykjavik
Shameless snow fox infiltrates ice fisherman’s soul
Trying To Save a Snack for Later. Foiled Again.
I’m starting to think he misses the mat on purpose...
They just got done drying! Really?
Come ‘ere you..
I guess he wants me to redecorate
Bread Thief
Death From Above
The ferret steals a car unsuccessfully
Did I ask your opinion?!
“I think I will just sit on this fluffy thing!”
He was pissed my other cat was coming by him
Slow-mo steal.
Trying to shovel...
It wasn't me
Alligator and Python
Unintentional dick move
Mind if I sit here?
I think I'll take the other door...
My dog always sits on my cat. If the cat lies down on the couch, my dog will get up, stand over the cat and either lay or sit on him. He’s …
No paw-parrazi
STFU- I’m hunting.
"What? You got a problem with that? 😈"
denied
Golden Eagle Jacking Drone
This rude young boy sitting on my biology papers
This is a good place to sit
Our ride is here!
If it’s not a toy then why is it made of fun?
I have to have a decoy suitcase present and wait for my cat to fall asleep whenever I pack to go travelling. She always does her best to st…
She enjoys barking and taking long walks on my face
This is what my cat does when I haven't fed him in 15 minutes
Turtle Taxi
Who me? Chew your shoe? Never!!
You can see the exact moment he knew he messed up
Sam the seagull stealing Doritos
Everything is fine.
they still ask me why I named him Lucifer (but now after eight years he is a sweet old man)
Trying to use my mat...
Youngster gorillas fight then dad shows up
The smaller dog knew she had no chance against her younger (yet bigger!) sister from the start
This is a regular occurrence.....
She hasn't stopped during the count down for the top 100 dogs of the UK 🤣
I see your stretching greyhound jerk and raise you a stretching fluffy jerk
Mondays....
These boys don't like to share the seat, every day is a struggle to see who will get the most room.
Grey hound likes to stretch his legs
Woman tries to play Chopin while a jerk cat wants attention
Mmmm yes, I will sleep here.
Friends
get out of my face
No it's ok, I don't need to study for that exam
move, b*tch, get outaway.
Tough fight
Dog is to cool - fakes handshake!
Our pup trying to save us from Unicorns and Yetti snow tubes.
When You Just Want To Save A Snack For Later
Bad Thief
She has never been a good thief
Unwanted massages
Our loyal pit Lilly is always trying to save us.. From unicorns and Yetti snow tubes.
Croc with top jaw ripped off from fight with bigger Croc.
Oh you need the dryer?
The unmasking of scooby
I WAS gonna practice on my keyboard today.
The jerk has his own bed
The ferret is a pilferer
Koalas fighting over a tree
that's lazy, even for a turtle.
[x-post /r/Animals] One of the desert kittens I care for in the botanical garden I built marvels at seeing running water for first time. Hi…
Sorry lady, this is mine.
A minor inconvenience
He thinks he is helping
"Nice bag! You don't mind if I take it, do you?"
Straight up used his brothers head as a seat to get a better view of outside world
No treat for you!
What if we weren’t home?
Went to go take a selfie and this camera hog barged in
Mila "helping" with a puzzle
Bought a backseat pet cover for my car and one of my pups did not approve.
This ocean isn't big enough for the two of us.
"Do I have your attention now?"
Dogs don't let dad throw out the Christmas tree.
Everytime I get out of bed for a second, and come right back...
Strike a pose....
Peanut Butter Vampire (1375x750)
Oh, she’s filming again?
I don’t need to but I wil
You don’t need this ear, do you?
When it's - 22 c outside... "who wants to go pee?"
Bought these floor runners to save carpet from mud, these two assclowns proceed to run on carpet
Get that outta my house!
Bath time bubbles
"It can't be that good, let me try yours!"
Little jerk brother
Dog successfully takes cat down
Papers? I thought you said shred the bed? Instructions unclear.
Don't answer the phone during breakfast
This is mine now, sucker
Tom...........CAT!!!!!!
Are we playing or what
At least she looks guilty
I've been doing this for an hour and it started to poop in my house....How it can get in but cant get out??
Don’t touch me!
Oh, you're watching TV? This seems like a good place for a nap.
Can you guess why she’s banned from this room?
Crow interupts weather broadcast
My toucan is once again being a dick to my friends.
Cat poop
King of the mountain.
Ouch
Bird steals money from customer.
Dog walker meets angry swan, what could go wrong?
I dropped something. Go get it.
Pulled out, flipped, and proceeded to sit in the clothes basket...
Swoop Da Woop
Swoop De Woop
Man brought to his knees by attack cat
Not like I was trying to fold these or anything.
Sweet girl does heckin bad mess make
I'm sorry was this your pc case
Pow right in the kisser.
This Jerk Costing Someone $.50
The ferret vs a vacuum
The cat doesn’t want my sister to touch her
Lemme just uh, take a seat here.
I thought we were friends? Stop biting me!
Bears fight over tree.
Oh, I'm sorry... were you trying to read this book?
Saying goodbye to a rescued Squirrel
Waffles being a douche as usual
Bye buddy
Sibling being an asshole
Jerk bird stealing from ants
In the cat's defense, that lady was a jerk first
Damn you bag -- be gone!
My cousin's cat hates bags. You can't come anywhere near it and she'll spend all night ripping it to shreds.
Zebra KO's Water Buffalo
Hawk throws snake at family eating lunch
My cat is absolutely a villain from a movie
The ferret is a real sportsman
Kites and falcons in Australia have been seen picking up burning twigs to spread wildfires and flush out prey
Our dog is liking his new food, at least some of it. Excuse the snap chat format, I sent this to my daughter in college.
Cat knock down a pile of firewood
Did you want to use your computer or something?
This perv grubs on the crotch area of my SO's jammies every morning.
Cat chases off a fox
Stay down
You don't mind if I use your car right? [x-post from r/WTF]
Back off!
If you love something, let it ... NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Ramming Contest
Someone kept taking out presents from the Table, we set up a camera to see who it was...
Fuck yo fries
My bird screeching needlessly at my cat
Just let me sit here.
She's a real ball buster.
She’s sorry for what she did when she was hungry.
Let me just knock this down
just gonna use your roof real quick
Domino Doge.
Yeah that’s what I thought
Her only regret is that it was just 1000 pieces
Her idea of helping thanks
CisionScoops at Travel + Leisure and American Lawyer, Promotions and New Hires at Entertainment Weekly
TOOOOM!!
Well my bed WAS made....
Fowl play: Aggressive turkeys torment postal carriers
Pyjamas sitting on top of my drawing. He gets jealous when I'm not paying attention to him 😂
Horse and Cat Best Friends
Not a fan of Uggs...
Sheep gets revenge on cat
Love hate relationships...
GET DOWN MR PRESIDENT!
Most of my walker reports sound like some version of this 🤦🏼‍♀️... I always tip.
Ninja Goat knocks down Civilian Goat (x-post from r/BABY_ANIMAL_GIFS)
Kites and falcons in Australia have been seen picking up burning twigs to spread wildfires and flush out prey
Goat practises capoeira on siblings
Little brothers, amirite?
We have to hide the toilet paper now.
BBC Reporter mobbed by Lemurs
He thinks the laptop is his personal bed...
Only one cat on the couch a a time
Dick move
Oh... I see there's some free space for me over here.
I just gave her a bath yesterday!!
She's really inconsiderate
Doggo plays himself
Get a cat, they said.. it'll be fun...
She just wanted to play!!
Our cat, Howard, opens the bedroom door and switches on the light when he wants food.
WAKEY WAKEY KITTY
Wait for it...
Dog blocks van while fishing.
Thanks for tenderizing my meal for me!
Cat bath.
Domino Doggy
"I'll just sleep here"
Cookie stealing squirrel attacks attending Police Officer
black bears have been seen strolling down the middle of a city street in Raleigh or Greensboro https://brassballs.blog/home/biggest-black-b…
I am Tonto and I am DESTRUCTION
Why does she jump up there then?
Thank you, bye!.
My Great Dane sitting on my chair instead of laying on her bed 3 inches away
Cats are jerks
The way my golden retriever puppy sits on my 6 year old golden retriever
Trying to free a squirrel.
Just shampooed the rug and this LAD decides to plop right down on the wet rug. Guess who needed to be hairdryed?
chicken fighting a cat
“I like this hat. It is my hat now.”
Music video.
Didn’t I Tell You This Is My Cage ?
Kangaroos are mean
He just wants to open more presents.
Shark attack!
boop* WHAT?!
What?!
Today is Chuck's birthday! Richard does not like this.
Someday I'll eat you.
Routine Inspection
Gives new meaning to “animals being dicks”
Panda being jerk
I’ve had about enough of your lip, Norman.
Don’t tempt me
Forget about napping around kids...
This manatee pooping on the mermaids at Weeki Wachee Springs, FL
Waking up 18 puppies all at once
Mouse hunter floof. Aaaaand I’m not getting work done now.
I finally discovered why my daughter's fridge magnets were going missing...
NSFW Cat wanted a warm toilet
My Friend asked why I wanted his dog to stay outside during the party. I showed him this pic the next day:)
Apparently my typing hand is a perfect pillow. The joys of working from home!
She won't move
He saw the opportunity and he went for it
"This looks fun!"
“Fuck me, right?” [x-post r/YouSeeingThisShit]
X-post r/aww
Ruining the fun
How your dog tells you to fuck off with his eyes when you ask him if he wants to go out for a walk when it's-20 degrees weather.
Cat plays with doggos balls.....literally
The great escape...gerbil style
hit & run
"Love this game!"
I have no idea how he got this pizza. I didn't even know we had pizza.
Just a little further...
Dog trained to protect his sister.
Anteater peer pressure
Love this game. Thanks kid.
He ASKED to go out 5 min ago, and there's a heated cat house directly below the roof he is climbing on.
no more bites please!
Excuse You This Is My Water Bowl ..
Jerk cats stealing my heat when it's -9(-23C) outside.
My cat doesn't share pets.
A Quick Game Of Bucketroo
The everlasting fight for the corner spot
Ankle biting potato attack
Bye bye
My cat, the jerk.
I just wanted to play some games
"this is mine now."
Dolphins are the world's smartest animals
Hey look a penguin!
My sisters doge doin a run by.
My dog’s mad face
Oh God Dammit
I am not emused.
This dog literally nust robbed this child
Ok I’ll sit on your head
Ride a camel, they said... It’ll be fun, they said
Oh, sorry to interrupt…
"let me just squeeze by you here"
 cats fighting over milk
Horse hooves a alligator
Her new favorite place to rest
I came home to a murder scene today
Hedgehog does not like my friend
Have some snow, cat
Someone decided I wasn’t paying enough attention to him.
Iguana steals cake
Worst. Snuggles. Ever...
Toddlers hug rejected by dog.
It's not Always good being king...
I know who won this fight
Hey bro, come see this!
My sheltie trying to convince the cat to play with her
Over a year ago when my cat first realized that her roommate would be a sweet rescue pup (15yrs old).
big chomp
Happy Birthday!
Just checking the taste, yum.
The compromise for "No you cant lay on me right now."
He has no volume control
You can't tell me this wasn't planned
My owner isn't giving me attention. Better sit down and block her view.
Two Tuxedos hashing it out
She stole candy out of the pantry while I was gone
Guess who ate my grandpa's slipper ?
Bed stealer? That’s not a bed stealer. This is a bed stealer.
I, Too, Have a Bed Stealer
I am Betty, destroyer of feathers
Posing for a nice picture when.....
Bed Stealer
Our cats were not happy that we went on date night for New Year's Eve
Here you are :0
Sister lays down the law during catnip binge
He's always like this.
This my bitch.
You thought you were going to take a nap? Think again!
Maggie being a polite hostess
Steelie letting the new cat know who’s boss
Yorkie steals toy from baby
His dog bed barely lasted a day.
Portuguese seagull skipping out on his bar tab...
Oh... Hi.
Chuck Norris sneaks a drink
Toilet Paper Party
HoRsE vIcIoUsLy RoBbEd Of HiS BlAnKy
Orange pointy chicken pokes hamster dog with 'peck of death'
Penguin trying to eat our go pro during a penguin mingle at the Detroit Zoo
Little stinker figured out how to get some extra treats!
I'm not technically on the bed
MDRW I give one a treat and not the other
This jaguar lunged at me !
All of you having fun...... STOP IT.
She doesn't approve of my origami hat
My cat is apparently plotting an aerial attack on the next innocent soul who happens to be walking towards the kitchen.
"No pets for you"
Ready, set... oh
Hope he found it comfortable
Ready, set… oh
Kitty Concerto
The toilet paper had no chance!
And the jerk of the day is...
Someone got jealous 👀
Woke up to my cat eating my hair
A butterfly visitor
Life of a tree
Long Live the King
She wants a friend so bad...
Lets see how much he weighs!
I put my coat down for two seconds
But why zebra? Why?
He takes his blanket off the deck at least 10 times a day, then looks at me until I go get it and put it back.
Seriously bro?
Stolen!
Louie - 3 Dog Beds - 0
I put up with a lot in this relationship
Oh yeah? Take this, you asshole
I turned my back for a sec and my breakfast was gone 😕
Zebra being a jerk
But why zebra? Why? (x-post r/WTF)
“Stupid hooman, been using this pillow all wrong.”
Oh, you like sand? Here, have some more.
But why zebra? Why?
This is my coin now!
But why zebra? Why?
That one zebra with the stripes is fit for this sub.
Dog was done getting kicked so he kicked back
Sorry, let me rub that better for you... I'll just wait until you're dead
Our cat stole the dog’s bed.
Tug Of War
New toy for the ca- okay... dog, I guess.
Doggo Get In The Way
Come out here and fight me like a man !
pack of bloodthirsty chicks brutally peck innocent kitten to death
I think he can read...
You can't have it and you're not leaving!
This is mine now!
A chimp stole my GoPro!
"Get off, it's my bed!"
She won't let me use the computer when she wants attention
Show em’ your war face...
Cat jiggles a closed door like this until we open it
Your water is mine now
She has got her own bowl of fresh water right outside the door, but would still prefer to risk getting her head stuck in a glass to drink m…
Daisy & Patches kitty kitten cat cats
One clear victor
WE PLAY NOW!
I'm Not Sharing
Yup, give me the treat now
Mama cow picked a rather rude place to relieve herself.
Sausage stealing jerk
Seagull steals gopro and takes flight
He has yet to pull my towel completely off anddddd he's only getting bigger
The way my cat uses her furniture
"I'll only get a little high"
Stand still kid
Bad Kitty
We all need a friend to bring us down when we're too much.
Oh, you mean you didn't want to share??
Urgent needed! I want this funny dog Sweatshirt . Where i get it?
"This pleases the King of the Mountain."
Fuck you and your stupid games
A jerk thing to do, but you gotta admire the technique
Minnie got a new window seat for Christmas...
Learning about the struggles of life from a young age
Friends cat vs gta5 cat
The lead detective was relieved the perpetrator left behind distinctive prints all over the goddamned stove.
Trying to fit into the Yorkers bed
Trying to set up a new phone.
This little pickpocket
Spiteful airbnb cat finds a seat on my new painting
Puppy tries his hardest not to share the hose.
How to protect your Christmas decoration from mean cats and dogs
How to get on Santa’s naughty list
Hawk gives no fucks 🔥
Cat is not a fan of my sons new racetrack.
Ho ho...Hey cut it out
Is this present for me!? *riiiiiip*
Least cooperative christmas picture to date.
Putt blocked by cat full of catnip
Hmmm... Wonder what happened to Santa’s cookies??
My cat is my best critic I suppose
What has Captain Blue Bear ever done to you, Adam?
Leave me alone you little jerk
Square up, Turtle
Cute dog tries to steal a bottle of Pepsi!
I don't think he likes me....
Aggressive Mantis Squad
"but I'm only trying to help!
Humandoggo trying to Snapchat but cat isn't having it
When you open the xmas gifts too early
Normally nice doggo tries to eat pussy
Don't mind me, I'm just cleaning your mess.
This looks like a great place to take a nap!
Cat makes kid fall on snow
This is comfortable.
Christmas isn't always the best holiday.
Timmy the Tortoise getting into a fight with a toy boat - Don't be like Timmy!
PsBattel: This cat with it’s hands up
That was my bone..
You shall not pass!
No Christmas for you!
"ok you win!"
Thanks, you just stole my dinner!
Keep fighting 👍🏻🐤💪🏻 training with my bird
They were in her way
Dear Santa, the DOG did it!
“Hi hello - whatcha reading?”
This Squirrel keeps running up to the window to tease my dog
Guilty cookie: a love story
Oww Pow Pow Pow
The Brothers VS Christmas decor
Look at me!!!
Size matters
Just found the perfect take out spot
Im not allowed to study today.
Please help me dispose of my cat
Cat basket cute cats
My cat taking a nap on my tray of seedlings
This dog is another level of diva
Ron helped make lasagne noodles
Wait for it...
“Don’t worry. He’ll be fine alone. Plus we can see everything he’s doing on the camera”
Wild cookie: a love story 3
Isn’t there a saying about cranky people and something happening to their cornflakes?
Anyone else have this happen?
Alan the Panda just wanted Bamboo but he got bamboozled
Photobombing his brother. His timing is amazing.
I was looking for one of my dogs for 10 minutes before I noticed...
I'm done playing your games
Kisses?
Just gotta ignore it.
Don't invite this dog to your wedding
We got him a $50 orthopedic memory foam bed, and he doesn't use it.
Both my fur baby and human baby react the same way to "time for a bath"
Can't fence me out, man...
Go back to the hole you came from - JERK alert
Wrestling Koalas hold up traffic
A spy cam on MY territory. I'm gun wreck that shit
Hmm
Erza likes Star Wars, but she doesn’t like to let us watch it.
Messing Up A Couch
“Not so cute now, are you?”
Mr. Special
Pete hates her phone
Two dogs and a kitten. This is my life
Can you please calm down
There goes the tinsel
Asshole fiddler crab enjoying himself. Story in comments
Hey look a cool rock
She's the reason I won't get my security deposit back.
Cat 1 just wants some alone time but Cat 2 just won’t stop getting in the way!
Take that. And that. Aaaand that.
Can you please calm down?
M'aiq wishes you well. [OC]
The new puppy dropped his treat in my cats bed... it is now dead to her
Gomez knows hes not allowed in the tree!
Rare Anger
Mr. Special is here
Sharing is caring
It's starting to look a lot like Christmas 🎅
Mean left hook
Prairie dog plops a turd into his neighbors cage
Dude stop, dude, c'mon seriously
There is no escape
He stole this from another cat’s house
Failed attempt to reclaim a bed
I’m still upset with you
Don’t piss off the dog
You shall not pass!
Those clothes are mine now.
Learning to walk
Gave up trying to keep him away from the tree
Cat gets stuck in Christmas tree to eat fake birds
You post a video of me online, I destroy your stuff. Understand?
Went away for 5 seconds and she took my chair..
It started out with a sniff, how did it end up like this? It was only a sniff IT WAS ONLY A SNIFF
Yes, monkeys are having sex with deer
Hi, now eat snow.
I'm just trying to change the sheets, Jelly Bean has other plans
Wild cookie: a love story (part 3) (xpost r/aww)
Wild Cookie: A love story (part 4)
I guess snotty kleenexes are tasty then
I couldn't help but notice you fixed the tree skirt again...
Go get the rope, Arthur
I came across this murder scene in my work parking lot!
When your cat figures out what you got him for Christmas...
Takedown
“You seeing this?”
Sharing is for the weak.
Finally had a use for my winter clothes after moving from Colorado to Florida...
"Snow! Shit..."
Be a jerk, get a bonk
Plz don't disturb me. After sunday the monday morning #lazy_morning😃
Is this how to get the sandwich?
Quick lunch...
Ernesto wouldn't let me charge my phone
He knows exactly what he did...
He knows exactly what he did
Her new bed lasted 2 whole hours
I'll sleep here instead
We got a White Christmas!
My work here is done.
Admiring his work.
Repotted this particular plant 5 times. Yes I keep moving it, this last attempt was acrobatic to say the least.
One Ruff Left
Awoke to this...
Nice clothes you got here.
I could almost taste the 2 for $20
This Bird Acts Like A Cat
Boop
GiANT rEd BeAsT ShOotS kiTTen fRoM cAtApULt
"Okay, it's my turn with the human now."
"Uhm... It's not staying, right!?"
Crocodile feared HUamAN
Uh... Excuse me!
Cat trolling the dog
He does this all day until the Roomba runs out of batteries
A DUAL FOR THE THRONE
Missing the handshake
Birdglar
Lion King irl
Bestof /r/animalsbeingjerks 2017!
My Cats Are Stuiped
TIL there are wild elephants in China, and at least one has violent road rage.
Fuck yo shit
Doesn't want me cleaning up his decorations
Yuna’s had it with my papparazying
Jurassic Pointers
This is what happens when my dog doesn't want to be walked
Monkeys are fuckin Deer in Japan
Veggie Thief
All I wanted was to tidy up my kitchen drawers.
No kisses for you
"I'm tired of your shit, human!"
"Must Have Three-Putted.”
Don't get to close its dark inside its where my demons hide
The big dog of the house
One of these days squirrel... One of the days...
Just trying to have a beer and a game fetch..
This carpet pad tastes sooo good
Sea Lion kidnapper
🔥 Cows trying to scare Canada goose 🔥
Turtle humping scuba diver
When you catch her chewing on something, she just lies on it and pretends it never happened
Cat lost rat #rat is in the tire hahaha
"Thank God you're home, the house exploded"
You know I have a water bill... right?
Goanna trail hog - got stuck behind this guy for about 5 minutes on the Ruined Castle trail, he refused to move over, lol!
Our dog scooted his butt across my yoga mat. Guess who needs a new yoga mat...
So innocent.... right now....
Every time I come home.
Owl friend
Hey... Let me in!!!
Tantrums eating kibbles
Manatee jerk trying to lift canoe.
My dog is an asshole this time of year....smh
Tippy hates when I tell him no.
Her daily Christmas ritual
All I want to do is wrap this gift
Called my dog, “yoda,” and he gave this look on the second picture.
funny cat and dogs.
“I’m not doing anything to the puppy...”
caught in the act
Breaking my shit and getting caught in the act
Swan goes nuts, attacks woman (x-post /r/JusticeServed)
Canadian Deer are jerks
Why Cat Owners Can't Decorate For Christmas
Just trying to study
Rip cat
Every time I try to pack
Adoglf
No Cs for me today it would seem .
Worst jerk
Our cat seeing an air mattress for the first time...
Orca jerks seal out of water - totally uncalled for!
Amazing comeback
Ever tried to get a bluey to sit still for a photo?
Backseat driver
umm, too comfortable!
Monkey stealing guys cigarette and bike
This is my bed now
Kitty says no!
This is my toy!
Humiliation
Cat vs Mailman
That's what you get for howling at me!
This is my bed!
Tossing this angry swan into a lake.
My cat thinks that the Christmas tree’s skirt looks better on the side
She needed the counter space to herself
‪my asshole cat ripped open a wrapped christmas gift with her head and then tried to play it off like nothing happened 🤦‍♀️😂‬
Conquering Christmas
Sorry you’re injured, human. JKJKJK!
Thank me, human!
Marvin...
Good Thing I Already Had the Paper Towels Ready. I Wonder How That Water Cup Got Knocked Over?
The reason I can't get any Christmas wrapping done
Deer knocks kid of bicycle
My cats can't share their new Christmas present
Oh, hi! You're home early
Why magnetic chargers are better
Cat dunk
You snooze you lose.
Maybe the best Cat Christmas commercial ever
Reckless driving in broad daylight
No cats allowed
I didn’t do it, don’t look at me.
My cat, Kaiser, pushing my son out of his spot. Kaiser sleeps next to me when my son is at his dads, but tonight Kaiser wasn’t tolerating t…
Vet removes 21 pacifiers from dogs stomach
Why we can't have nice things
Garbage puppy
Before/after i yelled at him to get out.
“Shit shit shit shit shit shit...”
Who did this?!?!
He knows what he’s doing.
Forever traumatised
Flight lessons
Cat got into the paint tray and ran around the house
Move bitch get out the way!
Wetsuit & Poop rhyme
Instant justice
My three-legged puggle is a dork. If we don’t say “goodbye, we love you, we will be back” he will tip the garbage over. If we say it, he do…
I take whats mine
Cat Remodelling Service
When the human needs some motivation to go on a walk
Hamster shaming by local hamster breeder
joey doesn't share food!
Greedy chickadee wants more food
First kiss 💞
My friends sister getting tailed by a goose. Mid nineties.
Checkout how I superman punch this dog
And I thought my dogs chewing my socks was annoying
I see you're trying to work here, but Imma need some rubs, capiche?
She won't take no for an answer
a Cat
Hold my catnip while I test the limits of your home insurance policy.
Of all places, why on top of me...
Animals engaging in normal animal behavior are not jerks
Cat destroying my 8 bit Luigi window decoration
Trying to be friends with a raccoon
I just need a quick nap.
Oh, you wanted a nose on that snowman?
It's okay, I only exist to be your stepping stone to the window. (x-post r/catsareassholes)
Oh you’re playing? Let me just... yeah... I’ve got a P, a U and 3 Rs.
Can I eat this ????
Oh you're playing? Well... I'm tired, let me just... Purrfect.
Nope, I definently didn't want to sit there
Get Outta My Way! *HONK! HONK!*
Browsing through pictures I found this of my supposedly white shepherd. She had to get in the car after that. #Funtimes 😩
Little guy figuring out his puppy teeth
Anxiously awaiting the arrival of their new baby sister...
Marking my territory
Bork on you
Human you must stop study and pay me attention!
If you walk away from the office chair for one second, she’ll steal it.
Get off my pool!
Is nothing sacred?
Get Out Of My Way Son
I also caught our new kitten in the act
Pigeons fighting over resting place
My cat showing why under is the only acceptable way to place TP in my house.
My boy will not allow this Snowman to keep his arms.
I don’t know what you’re talking about mum ... I’m not doing anything 😇
You breader watch out...
Intimidation
Caught in the act.
My cat can be a jerk sometimes
Get yo tail out of my face
Panda Poops On His Buddy's Face
As long as am here nobody's winning anything
You can't catch me
naughty kitty
NO! They’re both mine!
Reddit error 503. Bad kitty!
Bite the power!
Unhelpful cat
Feeding the fishes
That's my ride
Get up, get up!
When you’re too lazy to get up to go to the bathroom.. you bring the bathroom to you
I'm just gonna sit here
And now I can’t leave rice on the counter...
eliminating a competitor in eating food
Swimming With Dolphins
Plop ... Plop Plop
Attack the dragon-snake!
BOOP from Oscar
Guilty
Takedown
This is what you get for playing hide and seek with the dog.
Sock bandit
Cooper and the High-Tech Back Scratcher
Angry typing
My friend’s cat wanted to join us for lunch
I take your shoes
You think you're the boss here, huh?
You came to the wrong neighborhood.
Mean girl.
Longhair don’t care.
Please get your balls off my screen...
This is my cat. I can't watch FIRST 48..
Let me just use you as a kneading area
Books make excellent pillows, apparently.
Something is blocking your vision let me help you
Cat learned how to flush the toilet and it is his new fav hobby, now have to keep him shut out of both bathrooms at all times.
These is the Confidence - Funny Fight between Cow and sheep - Cow Vs Sheep
My shower rug
This is how I welcome a newbie.
Stop doing yoga!
He's slowly pushing it all off the table, while pretending to sleep.
That one friend who is always trying to eat off of your plate
Dog runs into man doing yoga
Killer Whale (Orca) Tosses Seal 80ft
cat eating peanut butter
4a.m. bath time on my wife's chest.
This ornament is alive
No matter how often I put her down, she immediately gets right back in front of the TV.
Scaredy-Doggie
Don't move, you're my bitch now.
Oh look, it's a string
Todays his 10th birthday, look how impressed he is with his gifts (treats)...
He doesn't want any give it to me
💤💤💤💤💤
You can’t study, and you also can’t pet me.
So you weren’t done reading this...?
Did you need this?
Oh, you made that? Let me help.
You don’t understand, the cat signal is lit.
Always bumming cigs, never returns the favor.
MMM, this arm taste good
I’m trying to read with headphones on. My cat pretends to be interested in cuddling. In actuality, this bitchass is just trying to play wit…
Bearded Drag Queen Bitten In Balls By Iguana
Oh, you have more important things to do? Let me help you.
This is how kickboxing works, right?
Baby in the way of greatness
'Scuse me
Gibbons annoying tigers
Boop
Sigh, it looks like he isnt even trying to keep the guy in frame. [x-post from r/killthecameraman]
Cows trying to scare goose
Power up bite
I’m not going anywhere
She has a rather guilty look...
You shall not pass.
Monkeys messing with tigers
I’m going to make this as difficult as I can!
Kicked out of his own bed
Monkeys are fearless
Saw this when I picked my puppy up from my brother in law's house. I guess she's not as good of a girl as I thought.
Monkeys messing with tigers
Dude...
Your Amazon package has been delivered
I would be terrified to leave my house
Doggo uses tail whip.. its super effective!
Oh were you laying here? Didn’t see you, i mean i could move buuuuut i won’t.
Kicked out of his own bed
Well, it was nice while it lasted
Sled dog
Hyenas picking on a lone lioness
No other dog can take my place
Someone got a little too curious about the penguin Christmas ornament this year
Gimme back my skateboard
“It’s my toilet paper now, bitch!” 😈😏
Dog won't share food
Fuck it
This would be much easier without you
A purrfect pillow
Paco wishes all you mother truckers a happy holiday season.
This is how he plays fetch.
When the construction workers who yelled at you finally leave fo the day
This is Nora. She also shits everywhere when taken out
Excuse me, that's my spot.
Boop!
I'll have that
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
I can never use the bathroom in piece
Just driving along in Australia.
Can I have your ball?
My cat waiting for someone to get caught in the trap she carefully built in the bedroom while I was away.
Dog logic: Go to window and stand on the table barking to get inside rather then the door.
Bird stole his sweet bread
Oh too slow....Ooo gotta be quicker than that
This seems like a good place to practice my gymnastics.
Studying for finals means battling for the keyboard
Outplayed
Monkey kick
Destroy their sports dreams while they’re young
Mr. Steals-Yo-Treat
Our puppy thinks her big brother is a jungle gym
Goat on Tortoise
The ol' slap and dash
Not quite sure what I expected would happen...
House cat viciously attacked by another cat
Life’s ruff
Oh? You want to go to bed?
Warthog chasing around one of our hyenas just because he can.
Rambo needs to stop
This Is Not A Sharing Game!
Evil Cat Keeps Tennis Balls From The Dog
he's pissed that I can't play right now and just tried to make me flinch
New bed was great.
I'll just help myself
The moment before disaster
Dog shoots hunter.
Well this WAS a pile of clean, ironed clothes...
My 19 year old tabby would like to make you all feel bad about yourselves
How rude [x-post from r/chickens]
Just doing some re decorating
You want a piece of me?! Come and get it!
Has been destroying tree all day.
Interspecies male conformity
bird gloats
Get your own water...
Hazard puss does good camouflage
Giddy with Happiness
Tig destroying my Christmas tree 😈😈😼😼
Smug bird.
“Look into the eyes of a parakeet and you will see real stupidity. It is a kind of bottomless stupidity, a fiendish stupidity. They are the…
Another chapter where I, and my silly attempts to play, was made to look like a fool.
Give me your shit!
Small boi thinks my boxers are toys
Take a look at me meow
Jekyll and Hyde
Too slow.
So...not a fan of the iPhone 8, then?
I honestly think when we fold laundry, he assumes we’re just crafting little cat furniture for him
Cat Dunking
You don't belong here
"What makes you think this is your bed anyway?"
Today I witnessed a murder
No need to check this book out to learn what I need to know about Australian Shepherds
Guess who is the boss...
Back when Gizmo was little, he tried drowning his brother, Liger!
Go look for someone your size to play with
Rude pony bites guardian dog's paw
Ferret beatdown
Impeding my poop.
It's the most wonderful time, of the year
I don't like your smell
I pet you good cat
Smoking is bad for you
Please move.
A glitch in the matrix, jerks to bros crossover
What did I do ?
His food dish isn’t full enough for his taste so he’s been staring me down the past 10 mins
TP Assassins
Knocked out cold
This seems like a comfortable spot. Right there.
A game where you play as an asshole goose
2 crows and a cat being real jerks (x-post /r/NatureIsFuckingLit)
There's a rabbit living under the deck...
Teasing the livestock...
Box Bully
Just a AVERAGE day here at good ol yellowstone! this BISON Traffic is ridiculous!
Can't even have a smoke in peace
Dog goes after cat under car hood
Such a jerk (loud)
Ow, stop!
No, that's okay...its not like I wanted to drink that.
How Frank lets you know he’s mad you stopped petting him.
Uncles new pup is a jerk
Our game of "Catopoloy" took an all too real turn
Frank? Don't mind him. He's fine.
Christmas cat strikes again!!
What I woke up to this morning
Just being helpful
Just wanted a photo of this rare bird.
Waking Them Too Early
Just a hug?
A quarter second before ouch
Cats fight to the top Spots
Rocket boi giving human a heckin’ zoomie [x-post from /r/ChildrenFallingOver]
When your dog actually eats your homework
My cat does this every time my dog comes in the house..
New puppy meets my Vegan Dog
Let...go...of...ME!
Pigeon on the offensive
What are you looking at?
Caught stealing bones and bacon
FTFY - The cats
Why can't we be friends...
Dufuq... I don't want to take a picture with you.
little bait fish
Saw your cat and I give you my neighborhood dog Spy Dog.
A Felonious Primate
He's at it again.. dumped a pot of yogurt off the kitchen counter.
Fish Thief
"This is mine now. Thanks, hooman."
My roommate is puppy sitting 9 dogs, invited me over.
Toilet paper...natural enemy of the ginger cat.
Golfers encounter with hoarder fox
Cockatoo's are literally destroying my house
Oh, hey boy! What did ya bring me?
You shall not pass!
The cat stole my girlfriend's pillow
My OCD
Swan proving a point
She also farted.
A thief in broad daylight 🐆
Fuck you cat, this is my couch!
Who let the Dogs out
Dog's not really a sharer
"No cake for you"
Brutal gang fight
Dammit, Negan
Our new tree topper.
Found her...
My kitten fell asleep on my trackpad making me unable to move my mouse, now I can’t do my homework.
Well I guess I'm going out naked
It wasn’t me
What do you have here, fried octopus? That's okay.
Lexi vs the clippers
We thought we’d try having a tree this year...
Woke us up banging around and ate the kids mini pumpkin
Is your apple waterproof?
Is your Apple waterproof? [x-post from /r/gifs]
"I'm Lion! I'm helping!" (X-posted from /r/AnimalTextGifs
"Yeah, I made a mess, what u gonna do about it Sharon?"
Arya doesn't like Christmas.
Dude, chill! It wasn't me, i swear!
2 Cats 1 Box
Cat won an argument a long time ago
Baby doesn’t need these anyway!
You’re going to fix that or what?
Why You Gotta Be So Rude~
Duffy playing dumb when he doesn't go for his walk! But guess who knows his weakness!
My female American bull dog aka American bed hog
She nipped him when he tried to sit with her
How about a TV in your face? - JERK alert
“Let’s buy one of those nets to make sure the cat can’t get in and fall asleep on the baby”
My brother got a kitten...not too sure about her yet...Reddit, meet Bugs.
The shortest distance between two points is a straight line
Tom and Jerry in real life making fun
Reenacting the Lion King
Galaxy cat's owner forgot to rinse the tub after using a glitter bath bomb
Cat is just putting up with their shit.
He seems so proud of himself
Go away
"Cat? What cat? I haven't seen any cat"
They are NOT doing the happy dance
"I told him to leave me alone ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ "
So long and thanks for the cash!
This. Is. Sparta!
Cats guarding the bush
Oh I noticed you were trying to do a puzzle.
She has two water dishes, but needs to bathe in my water glass.
Vultures waiting for the sick bear to die
Seagull stealing crisps from Greggs
Disturbance in a quiet neighborhood.
Assassination attempt almost successful
It's not gonna happen
Friday morning when you don't wanna move from bed
"Just give me the jacket human"
Ready? Fight!
When you’re tryin to chill but your bird is going wild
I made a thanksgiving feast for my Tegu lizard
I guess I'll just write this essay by memory.
I give you a new box and this is how you treat it??
I guess I just won’t check my email?
Well trained birb
Siblings on Thanksgiving.
The smooth criminal.
Snowbabe! Dragged my hoomen to take me outside 🐱
Ajit Pai is being a real animal right now, and is trying to slash net neutrality. Show your support and aid in the battle to preserve it!
"This is what I think of your cliché pregnant photo shoot in the woods. I'm baby number 3!"
"Whoopsies"
Someone has very strong opinions about decorating for Christmas before Thanksgiving
I'll take that
This Chimp Is Fearless
No happiness allowed
I guess I’ll just wash my face in the kitchen sink
When you just want to drive to work
"Surprise Motherfucker!"
Lions show up as tourists take a break
My dog has a tendency to turn her toys into rags.
I'm waiting for you, dear
make love not war :)
Join the Battle for Net Neutrality! Net neutrality will die in a month and affect services like Reddit, Youtube, Netflix, and many more of …
You may do my laundry after I finish contemplating your uselessness
Fiesty chimp takes bite out of lion 😂
Sitting on his little sister
Olive the cat attacks the automated poop machine
I don't like those glasses (X-Post r/aww)
Glad I was on the other side.
The face that ruined Thanksgiving.
This rooster is an asshole.
This tiny jerk
Move aside creature, we must hump!
Playtime is over
Woman viciously attacked by wild shibe.
No chill.
Ram doesn't like motorbike in it's yard
Slap fight
I think my dog changed after his swim in the woods
My cousins got a new cat, Stampy. Chloe disapproves of him playing on the stairs.
Bully interrupting murder practice
Play dumb. Avert eyes. Hide.
[OC] Angelo the sheep is a real asshole
King of the bed
Smooth criminal
Snow Monkeys in the Hot Springs - Nagano, Japan
Forgot my bike under a bridge before going on a vacation..
What's mine is mine and what's yours is also mine.﻿
I am tall..that tall....... that tall!
After several attempts, I gave up trying to move her
Who broke the plate?
Pupper has a drinking problem
Bring your plants inside for winter, they said.
Take that, and that...
Hey! U awake? ...I said, are you awake? Wake up! WAAKKEEEE UP!!!!!!
Good you’re here, there was an explosion..
Just a prank, bro.
She has discovered toilet paper....
15 miles into hiking the Tiger Leaping Gorge and this jerk is blocking the trail.
Excuse me, just gotta do some routine lab work
Husky wants attention
There can be only one
Goat being cheeky
King of the Bed
King of the Bed.
My cat is such a dick
I shits where I sits..
So I got a a new cat recently and he’s enjoying here..
Attempted squirrel mugging
I wanted to play. My cat said no
Every time I try to make the bed
Mom’s cat showing no remorse after a successful tissue hunt
My mom's nosy cats
Leonard keeps bring the toilet plunger into the attic.
When your little friend has a bigger mouth
When the humans are gone
Don’t touch my banana
That poor chicken
Our cat, Buttons, was peacefully napping when his brother, Todd, decided to use his body as a cushion
savage pigeon
My girlfriend got a new kitty and her older cat doesnt let her pet her anymore
Grand Theft Auto
Oh, you need to see ALL of the screen?
Mean Old Cat VS Playful Puppy
You put the ball in there!
What happened in my house group chat last night
This is the best seat in the house.
So this is why my plant is dying . . .
You wanna piece of me, boy?
Just let the dog get up (X-post from r/CatSlaps)
"I can't take your shit Hooman"
Cockatoo busting in to my bedroom [x-post from r/AnimalsBeingBros]
Two wild house cats battling for territory outside my apartment
Of all places
Chili pepper thieving dog
mug shot of a slipper killer
What's up guys!?
Some hobbies just don't work with cats.
What homework? Where?
Just wanted to get a cute picture after getting all dressed up...Yoshi didn't think it was a good idea.
And I'll be taking that
I guess I'm not listening to music today.
“I don’t know who made this mess! It was like this when I got here.”
This is my sofa now!
He really doesn’t want me to do my homework!!
Vet practice chest bandaging... hilarity ensues
cat confusion
Caught red handed!
Horse attacks alligator
The life and death struggle of an osprey chick tossed from its nest by sibling (video in article)
Follow the toilet paper
Proud of what she did
My dog Abbie discovered toilet paper today.
Instant karma
My dog (on the right) getting pet and the dog we were watching was trying to get in on the action!
This chicken hates you
Carpet removal service
He wouldn’t even look at me he was so guilt ridden.
Just because...
Security Deposit
Get Off my Lawn!
Excuse me! Please get off my leash!!
What happens at the dog park... girl, girl, boy.
It called my mom a bitch.
I buy more toilet paper because of Catimir Putin than because of me.
In case there were any questions about who the boss was...
It’s not for you!
I'll be taking that
Beagles attempt to fix a bed
The littlest bully in the world.
At my wife’s first mention of having kids
When a sip of water just isn’t enough.
“Who Disturbs My Slumber?” Side Eye
I heard something in the middle of the night
This bracelet is mine now
Dog Doing A Back Spinkick
Doggo tried to chew through the door.
Give me that
F**k your cake
Shark chomps down on underwater drone
F**k your cake
Taking the stick
Wait for it... (x-post from r/aww)
You smell my cat nip, I scratch and bite yo face.
When you know you’re guilty.
Apes gone mad
Our Cat Hates Christmas Decorations
Yeah, I'm gonna need the whole chair.
To hell with your Screen!
Taking up 2 seats on the bus!!! 2 SEATS
BOOluga whale
Stop it
Dog does not enjoy the dance off
Here, a small present for you
What it's like owning a Shiba.
Can’t... quite... see... could you move? No? Ok.
Grand Theft Sled
Guy Gets Pissed Off At A Pigeon
I have to make a confession now..I am gay
My dog pees in pools.
Keep up, sucka
Grumpy old guy doesn’t like his new little brother
Heart STOPPING ATV bear encounter
my cat taking a dump on the floor literally one foot from her litter box (that we put there bc she kept pooping there)
"Thanks for the new bed, it was delicious"
Looks pretty proud of herself doesn't she
Traffic slows down to a waddle
Glad I invested in all these dogs beds...
Just got my self a glass of water then...
SpiderKitten runs this hall
Machine Gun, being himself.
ALL YOUR PLATES ARE BELONG TO MEE
Guess he doesn’t want his picture taken
Woah woah woah....What’s the password?
No photos please
Gomez the reacue kitten, begs to go outside for ages. Finally open the door and he just sits there everytime!
Look out!
When your dog gets to the UPS package before you...
My dog is an asshole.
You shall not touch our bush!
From r/funny
That's my present
This is how we say goodmorning...
Sleeping like an angel.
Steak comin' right up!
Get off my lawn!
Move aside, peasant!
Unexpected find
You came to the wrong neighborhood
Ivory tower magic card hi yah
When your cat lays on your textbook so you can't study.
I also just wanted a nice picture with my cat. Unfortunately I can't find the original...
Attempting to do some continuing education and he wants to play with the screen...
"Who gave you permission to sit next to my hooman?"
This is what I think of your sand castle.
Something seems unfair about this...
The cats keep stealing my dogs crate. She doesn't get mad, she just keeps pouting like this
Cats...
Getting Goosed
Just wanted a nice family picture...
What is this thing?
It’s not for you!
Rhino just trying to make some friends
The mess I woke up to. Am I the jerk for leaving a roll of paper towels on the couch?
I just want a selfie with my cat 🤦🏻‍♀️
He thinks he can get away with it by playing cute
Quit Horsing around!!
Kid vs kid
Claws of Agony
Betrayal
I had been nursing this plant back to life for a couple weeks now...
She claws and pulls and bunches the rug, then just sits on it. Won’t leave her “kill.”
This bow tie apparently makes a better snack than accessory
Cat trips little girl
He doesn’t even care...
I said stop singing!
Bad goose.
Much cat love
Dog ends soccer career
Deserves a yellow card...
[UK] [OC] I awkwardly ask a cygnet to move as it mistakes the road for a river. It was kind enough to comply.
There can only be one kid
This is how my blind cat wakes me up every morning.
Maximum jerk level, cat...
This branch isn't big enough for the both of us
I sit wherever the fuck I want to sit!
Just trying out the claw machine
This is how she tells him to stop licking her.
Strategic retreat
The claw(s) chooses who will go and who will stay
Saw this on r/youseeingthis and knew it needs to be here too!
So proud of her work with the pillow.
Cat guarding the staircase
Well, I didn't expect this.....
This is a False Statement!
Hogging the sprinkler
I was just sitting here when...
"This is mine now thanks"
xpost from hmmm
Gibbon trolling a doggo
YOU DON’T get me treats!! I knock over treats and get treats MYSELF!
He snatched the stash of catnip from Mom and spread it all over for everyone to role in. With NO THoughts of being a jerk!
Dog couldn't resist
Parrot drinking water got pushed off by another parrot.
Duck that really wants to be chased
Chicken nugget thieving cat!
Always
Back off i’lls bite
Yo... thats mine
Siblings are just platforms for flips
When you have your own bed, but brotherchair is more comfefe
I said, no more homework.
Shoving his head into the snow
Raccoon Fight Bin
Wait a minute
Squirrel decides to run off with man's camera
Cat...ch these hands.
Not my pumpkin apparently
The squirrels love our decorative pumpkins.
Didn't see that coming
This is my food now
Unwrapping hell
Let me just scream at my brother
Time for a cute picture of you two and...
The deer ate our pumpkins 🎃
They aren’t named yet, thinking of going with MMA or boxer names...
Just gonna eat this wall...
Catnapped
Thanks for the glove sucker
"Get your own treats horse!"
Comfiest seat in the house.
Pigeon Teases Cat on a Ledge
MRW you tell me to get off the bookcase
Jerk cat caught....jerk
Goat is fed up with your crap
Get back in there bitch!
Ohhh, the cat is so unlucky
I’m just gonna sit... right .... here.. ah perfect
My doggo first wrecked the couch and now won’t let me watch tv
I told my rabbit to stop chewing on my pillow...
look at this Army .... and who is the Comando
When the best spot on the couch is taken.
I just want to put my clothes away!
Zoe’s way of telling me to put down the folder and stop grading.
Would love to have one uninterrupted poop. Just once
What're you lookin at??
Seagull steals camera
I'm trying to watch The Office
What're you lookin at??
We all hate geese but at least these ones were polite
Baby elephant gets hit by his big brother (xpost /r/babyelephantgifs)
Told my friend to send a pic of her new kittens
Caught in the act
What an Ass!
He just flew into the store and opened a bag of Hot Nuts
Get off of my log!
I TOLD YOU NO SELFIES!
..Stop! It's my food!
how to defeat a bear
I'm not saying that my dog should respect the cat a little bit more, but....
How to win the race
My mom just wanted to go to bed after a long day
He seems proud of himself
My mom sent me this while I was at school, my two puppies getting along so well!
From Japanese actress Keiko Kitagawa’s blog
This dude wrote to the pool!
Cat dunk
Wrong End
Move along hooman this doesn’t concern you
Penguin Slap
My cat decided to get me out of bed by knocking this off the fridge
Brother-in-law got rear-ended in the parking lot. When he went to talk to the other driver...
You think this is a game?
This music video
Anteaters can be jerks too
She had decided I’m done reading
Dog: I dont see anything wrong here.
Mama-perch while she's sleeping.
Cat is jealous
Cat shows puppy who’s boss
Your shit was in the way!
Who did this??
My cat took my dog's bed from her. She doesn't know how to deal.
Oh you need something from the fridge?
Stop licking me!
Who said cats aren’t mans best friend
Cat boxing Level : 2.0
My cat, Kitty. He screams at you if there's seafood prep happening. Won't eat it if you toss a piece on the floor.
Dog shitting on a wall...
What'd the 5 fingers say to the face?
Mans best friend? I think not! Roast him
Paw in your face - JERK alert
"I said no pickles"
Bitch you cant leave, get back to work!
The glorious first bite
This is mine now
The thug life chose Josie.
My manuscript
Evil Hamster
Cock vs Taco...the dog
Classic.
Didn't even get to say "GO!"
Booping the kid
Not a fan of my flowers, apparently.
When you can't take a decent nap - JERK alert
Australia cockatoos chew billion-dollar broadband
I really wanted to cuddle. She just wants to wait at the bottom of the stairs for her mom to come home, oh and tear up the carpet. Fine.
She spread the dirt EVERYWHERE..
Yea...he is still a psycho even laying on his back.
........POUNCE!
Thanks dog
Stop blowing on my face bitch!
Older brother making it quite clear little sister isn’t welcome upstairs
Lizzy and Thomas having a discussion
A small body, but the heart of a warrior
Large Hadron Collider on paws after creature [a beech marten] chews through wiring
Todays peace talks at the park with my dog Goober were tense. He listened intently as the squirrel made his case. Alas, Goobs bloodlust mad…
Never let go
... and suddenly ‘poof’ the pillow exploded - you’re lucky we’re still alive
Loki licking lamp
Cute Penguins Sunbathing
When bun bun gets sassy to the whistling
NSFW Get off me Frank!
Raccoon washing phone
Tico is not ready to be a magicians assistant
Always stealing my blankets while I brush my teeth!
Got got into the flower pot
Get your ass in bed!
Nice place to pee
And get rid of this one... and this one...
New sheriff in town...
Sorry, i just wanted a taste
A Canadian Halloween....
Do not refuse Max.
Did you just curse at me?
Long live the King.
Police dog steals the ball
Chimps on the rampage
I was cooking fish in my kitchen
Monkey steals food from her child!
Nom.. nom.. nom...
Bully goat
Just a normal cat eating my homework
Out of the whole bed, he chose the pillow.
Damn moths keep getting bigger every year!
The definition of "monkey business"
That poor snake
What is personal space?
Guilty!
Spooked by his own cat
This is how I found him this morning... He has a thing for cigarette tubes
Like an annoying little brother
Anteater hit and run
She was told to get off the table...
Lil’ scamp decided to help himself when we weren’t fast enough with the feast.
T-Rex cat eating my homework
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Not sure what hurt more, the cat attack or the chair beating
But it was your bed man!!!
How my bunny greets me after a long day of work
Puppy tries it’s hardest to get older dog to play with him, but to no avail.
My dog isn’t letting me use my laptop.
Goat kid causes a ruckus
"Let's make that a bit more difficult for you"
Dog shoves cats face into snow
Who's a good bo... Oh shit! Run!
The Humping Ox.
Let me just walk through everybody's food bowl
These two Ducks fight here all the time
Sworn to end this human being
Stop eating my food
When you get told to sit at the table but dinner isn’t ready yet...
Cute goats playing around
Telling your cat no
Saw this on r/BetterEveryLoop and so it does!
You just vacuumed? That’s nice.
So smug
Poor turtle never hurt anyone
Stop! Brakes, Fred!
She's so proud of herself.
...Excuse me?
When he says he’s coming home at 7 and it’s only 6:23
I'll just jump in here whilst you're pooping
I want to swim
We bought our dog a new bed...
Cats always know
Swan standoff
Animal being jerks
Let me grab a quick bite!
Well, there goes the cat food...
This Bird Did it on purpose! Watch how he looks right at me when he does it...
The fruit guardian
Totally wasn't using that
Fiona photobombs marriage proposal at Cincinnati Zoo
Definitely didn’t need that.
My chips!
I will scramble these eggs in retaliation.
You gonna eat that bro? (Found in /r/gifs)
My sister and the cat that scratched her at the vet
Ear biter...
Everybody was Kung Fu Fighting
WIsconsin turkey attacks passersby, pecking at cars and people with no regard for human life. The turkey’s body cannot be found after an ap…
When your cat plays with the box his cat tree came in more than his cat tree. 😾
My cat stole my pillow this morning
Squirrels definitely can be jerks. This walnut meant I couldn't shift out of second gear.
Bear stealing my garbage
Squirrels can be real jerks.
Early Halloween horror 😵
The epitome of this sub [WARNING: BAD CAT]
Happy Feet?
Match Over
Georgia farmer killed when cow rams him against fence
Just as you sit down to do some work.
Zero f*cks given
My skateboard...
Think you're tough eh
Wake up!
Neighbor cat posing with her kill. Should I be impressed or scared?
Got cha Steve
All mine!!
It's doesn't matter what species you are, older siblings are all the same
Top Of Her Class In Daycare
To the prk. Onward old boy.
Gacked magpie
I just wanted to take some nice photos of him
Savage 🐐
So cute and fluffy
Always Knock Before Entering
I WAS READING THAT NEWSPAPER
The Comeback.
My cat will literally sit outside by the door until someone opens it instead of using the doggy door like all the other cats
No sleep for you
Extreme white on black harassment
Flamin' galah bit my finger after I saved his bloody life.
Kangaroo holding a dog
Kitten don't get no view
My brother's cat caught a mouse and then let it go in their bedroom instead of killing it.
This Killer whale trying to win the submarine race
Wanted to get a sweet picture of KC and I in the new apartment I moved into...
Oh, you like Halloween? Fuck you.
No no, that's fine. I wasn't in the middle of writing something down. It's fine.
Downward dog
Finally found out who's been messing with my pumpkins
hey, you got something on your face...
Fuck your pie.
And fuck this pile of leaves particularly
You don't need this light on right?
Caught the neighbours Cat trying to steal our cats food
It's all about balance
The Iguana Doesn't Know The Concept Of "Personal Space"
They behave more and more like us
lil guy's hiding from his momma
Fart in the face
Woodpecker blamed for dozens of broken mirrors
Tom and Jerry in Real Life!
Excuse me, I'm trying to eat here!
Had to put baby locks on everything because of him.
This whole video
Rip my fly screens
Squirrel wipes out chipmunk
Jerks had to ruin the day
Ugh - walked away for a second!
moose vs prius
My cat is a savage
I’ll just put all of my bedding right here on the floor
Inconsiderate.
Inspecting holes
It's bath time, you little shit.
You're in the way of my master human!
Friend’s Frenchie is letting my good boy on his spot on the couch.
Cats like large beds…
Right hook
Look! Snow!
Fish giving some attitude after I moved his rocks
Dickface decided I didn't need to see what I was working on
Elephant shows its displeasure
Watch Out! We got a badass over here!
I had to make my bed up around my dog because she wouldn’t move
Moose versus Prius
Striking a pose
Dog doesn't want to come inside
You're not allowed to be mindful today!
Stupid human I don't want your affection
I'll take some chips...
Is that what's there? Leaves? Leaves!
That's okay. I don't really need to be able to see to play this game.
I'm sorry. Is my studying getting in the way of your relaxing?
"Sure. I'll move... Sure"
Kicking him away
Floppy Dog !!!
French President Macron's dog interrupts a televised meeting at the Elysée palace
Day 393 of cat vs PhD. Current score: 393-0 to cat.
Little Pupper learning to be a Jerk
Most time bulldog. Sometimes am bird.
Trying to do laundry...
Llamas being jerks
You can't see m......oh shit!
Nerd.
Being jerks to each other.
"You had to go to the bathroom?"
Hello brothers....
I can't go to bed without having a fluffy tail up my nose.
I put out kibble for the stray cat
I think she has autophobia
Puppy trying to breastfeed.
hey, i’m trying to eat here.
Cat hiding in closet pokes out arm to bitch slap the douchebag preventing him from getting out
Blanket trap
Let him out already, or else ...
Another bubble? I said no!
This squirrel having a standoff with my car
She's so proud of herself.
Personal space what?
Great, now I can never leave.
I want it all, I want it now!
X-Post r/unexpected
Savage Goat
Milk! Milk! Milk! Milk! Milk! Milk! Milk! Milk!
Went outside for 15 minutes and found this mess!
Parrot freaks-out and curses when his cage is destroyed
No need for explenation.
Stealing food from her brother.
Builds house for cats he doesn't even like. Gets judged the entire time by cats.
No Sink for You.
Welp, There Goes The Dog's Food
These clowns insist on napping in the middle of our street and make everyone drive around them.
This shelf is PROTECTED
"What's this? Smells new. Mine now."
Cat won't let me turn off computer
I cant even enjoy my throne in peace...
he always puts his tail on my drink or food
My doggo gets No privacy in this place
Casually driving your scooter
Apple anyone?
Plot twist: Humans being jerks
Sealions refusing to share their sunbathing spot
Look at this jerk
Came home to find that Ladybird had made a lovely dress out of her favorite blanket
Duck walks over fresh concrete, stops twice just to let it sink in
Hell no I'm not staying grounded for you
These jerks ran full force into my knee while I was picking up their poop, they dislocated my knee cap and tore a ligament.
The post-bath death glare
My dog playing hide and seek - can you find him?
Sam the seagull shoplifts over 20 bags of doritos
Of all the places...
We play fetch and sometimes she doesn’t bring it right to me. She also knows how far she needs to drop it so that I HAVE to get off the cou…
Nip and duck
Man saves baby hares from being attack by crows. In response baby hare attacks him.
Peaceful lab tries to nap on couch only for lab shark to jump on the couch and do an attack.
Even fake clowns are awful
2 dogs keep competing for territory while the cat is terrified
In the animal kingdom there are no plastic rattlebells so daddys' will suffice
Let me... just... made it
Imma kick you in the face then run!
"Stop it homan!"
Need a new pair of glasses
Gorilla gives it heaps..locked in the cage he is undauted defiant and self aware
Dancing With The Cat Stars
Basically a summary of what its like to own a bird
Eye surgeons give warnings after magpies go on an attack spree
Awe you’re so cu...
Just when you thought it was safe to play in the snow . . .
This Cockatoo Has Had A Cock-or-two[NSFW]
Doggo trying to eat cat
Puppy trying to play with my 16 year old pug!
Down low.... too slow
I just wanted to do my homework....
It's Comfy...
Aggressive Turkeys Becoming A Problem, Bridgewater Police Warn
His face is quite comfy thank you very much.
Bully cat
I'm feeling thristy
Jas-mean doesn't drink water out of a bowl, but has no qualms drinking from my glass!
its about to go down
Why I fucking hate iguanas
This turkey has had enough of itself
Baby lorikeet biting my husband’s ear at the Tampa Zoo
Fish is relentless
Hands Up!
poor cat
My cat refusing to share with her sister
when i say go...
Going for the knockout
"Wait till I say go."(x-post r/funny)
Boop the Snoot Level 9000
Down boy!
Super mad that I wont let him in after jumping in the pool.
I’ll help you with your laundry!
Oops
...my smoothie
Kill me
Mine! Mine!
Can't say anything or it will be removed 💁🏼
Who's scratching my car at night???
Welcome home, master. I did some remodeling.
Territory marked
Just can't resist
Elephant gives my mate a cheeky kick whilst bathing
Cat steals dogs water after pulling down paper towels.
My new coworker is totally useless
My water! No share!
"Hey... hey you got something on your face."
Apparently these otters have some kind of beef.
Puppy doesn't want pets
I feel better now.
Excited dog slams cat into snow
Spending too much time on your phone
"it's not what it looks like!"
Guardian of the Donut attempts to block exit, demands bagel sacrifice.
Our new kitten is already putting the dog in her place
I though Bambi was supposed to be nice
I will take that, thanks
The cat kicked her out of her spot.
Vicious pitbull attacks kitten. (Kitten barely made it out alive)
Whenever I want to go to the gym...
Failed Assassination
Stealing crackers from a baby
"I don't care how many times you put the bottle on the table. Fuck the bottle."
I wonder who did it, mom!
My Halloween decorations are having a rough year
Every sibling relationship ever summed up in one picture
Stray turns man into hydrant
Don't touch me
Get outta my face!
Pomeranian viciously assaults her brother!! (They are two peas in a pod)
Every time I try to do anything other than pet her, this...
Don’t get too attached to your phone!
His plan of attack.
Wait for it.
“Its not the size of the man in the fight, its the size of the fight in a man”
Not so fast
Hey, who did that?
I’m the Fluff King of the House!!!
My cat really likes irritating her father
Wine foot
Wolf puppies are adorable. Until they eat your children.
What can I say?
a cute animal
Sorry/Not Sorry
I see your dog who ate his bed and raise you my dog's eaten house
Cat is not impressed
Bad kitty.
This mouse is taunting my cat. 🐈 is too lazy to kill so the mouse gets to be a jackass.
Sorry Raphael this is my food
I'm pretty sure my dog hates informational books about other dogs.
He had pretty much no reason to do this...
Well I believe he wrote it.
I turned my head away for not even 1 second. It’s not the first time she does it.. neither the 5th..
Kitty Neo vs Puppy Smiths
Bear finds a sweet drink
My dog go also said f you to her comfy expensive memory foam bed. Look at that roar of victory.
Went to the store for 30 minutes. Figured I didn't need to put the pup in her crate... boy was I wrong
Why does anyone go to this park?
need i say more?
Those were strawberries...
month GSD puppy robs everything she can from our 12month GSD
Precision Strike
Just another victim caught in the action
Go from here pussy cat
Leave her alone for 1 minute..
Convicted murderer
Brought her a new bed less then 1 day ago , walked outside to this
We had an empty bed. This wasn't necessary.
Pupper knows no sharing
His snorts sounded like laughs while I was cleaning it up
Shit rolls downhill
GoAtS AtTaCkInG dOg
The Cover is there for a reason...
Dog trying to kick the cat out of his bed
The face of a R E B E L B O YE
Another family vacation ruined.
Confidence is key
Wasn't happy to have his photo taken
Ghost always seems to wanna get front row seats when I'm watching the best scene in the movie.
Sheep blocking the trail
Rise of D raccoons
Aggressive Tortoise
When someone tries to cock block you
I Just Cleaned That .....
Cat with no tail attacks cat with tail
A nice Ball you got there
This is the reason he isn’t allowed in the bathroom...
A very persistent brat
Scumbag parrot
I’m never going to finish this puzzle
Pillow massacre and a happy greyhound.
Woman injured after shooting at a fotballmatch
Oh is that your phone?
"My bowl!"
Sharing my shelf with a plastic bottle is NOT acceptable !
Who is the biggest jerk?
Wanna see some cool penguin shit?
My dog carries multiple pieces of his food to the rug to eat when he’s ready. Inevitably I end up stepping on it. It feels similar to stepp…
Out of right field
Made the bed before I left, came home to this
Cat stops in at dinner
Lion Bites Tire Causing it to Explode – Kruger Sightings
B o l d b o y e
Bought my dog a super expensive dog bed. He sleeps right next to it every day.
Feel great to see her in happy mood at home
“All the other seats are open you say? I’m fine where I am.”
Mama Bear and Cubs Break Into Pizzeria
My cat found a nice sleeping spot in my antique chair.
Whenever I try to study...
Smile... FUCK, MY BALLS
Cats everywhere celebrate the launch of new Ikea furniture range
You are not going anywhere!
You’re my biggest and bestest sister
You should have taken me to the park today, hooman.
Turf war at the pool
I like your toy. I’m keeping it.
Cat catches some karma
Psst! Let me tell you a secret... You're not that good of a boy!
Whatcha lookin at hooman? There's nothing to see back there
My gf wanted to post this dog here solely because he looks like an asshole
Messing with an animal.
Growing up with strict parents...
When it drops
You interrupted the wrong ram
What a clever girl
You will Never stop me human!
Throw the ball!!!!
She could sit anywhere on that soft, warm bed...
MY SEAT!
Kepler the apple throwing African Grey is even more of a sarcastic jerk on video. "Uh-Oh..."
He stopped in the middle of the street to poop
DoG PrAnkZ OWnEr
Apple-Hating Ara
I left the lid off for one minute...
Tease da dogy. 🤣
Nope, no jumping...damned humans.
So sweet one moment, so salty the next
You shall not pass!
Thanks I’ll just leave this here
Brotherly love
Because fuck you car
Fuck whoever is in this bag
Fuck whoever is in this bag
You wanna draw? Here, let me help you with that.
Guess who had a go at eating my GoPro
This belongs here!
You can't trust a camel
Friend or foe?
My cat apparently decided I should get rid of all my bras and underwear. No remorse.
Pony is done with the show
This dog.
Elephant throwing mud at zoo patrons.
Poor kitten
I hired this "Guard Llama" to protect my goats.
I'm in the mood for a catfight
I said no.....!
Please Leave Me Alone: A Series
Please Leave Me Alone: A Series
Sheep gets revenge on cat
Cats hate books.
"I told you to be quiet!"
Atleast offer her a Banana first
Leave me alone!
Every Dog Has His Luxury Day
No, baby goat. This is mine!
Dog pulls out insides out of a teddy bear
Trying to get homework done.
Laying here, trying to read... but...
Surprise!
Squirrel hitting unexpecting goat
Our kitten likes to sit on the dog bed
My cat is incredibly satisfied with ducking up my couch
I'm sorry, did you need to go somewhere? [ex post r/aww]
Even fish have nightmare neighbours
Oh, be careful from kangaroos
Texas A&M mascot attacking a girl
My cat watches me sleep in the creepiest way possible
Terrible neighbor
Jerk stole my KFC - instant Karma - IT'S A TRAP!
Air attack
Stepmother of the year.
Homeowner told me the rooster was aggressive, had to see for myself
Woke up one morning and discovered that Bojangles had found the roll of paper towels.
Move away let me show you how it's done
Excuse me
Man confronted by a sharp-tail grouse (or “prairie chicken” as people call them up here in Canada) while trying to get it away from the dan…
Sheep knocks down child
Oh deer....
Angry pug vol. 2
Is that for me? Don’t mind if I do!
Um...get down?
[x-post from r/eyebleach] No No No It Is Kitty Time NOW! (OP u/Ibleedcarrots)
My cat is very proud of herself for destroying this shoebox
Birb reminds tree rat who owns the buffet
Dog hate to be petted
A videogame about a goose being a complete jerk
bird being a jerk
when your bae is horny but you already done
Peek a boo bitch!
Penguin slap
Cow becomes a traffic hazard
Ratto discovers tissue paper
My cat looks like an old lady judging everyone from her little garden.
Cant a dog just relax...?
He's gotta go
Crab teaching fish how to breathe out of water
Elephant pwns away team supporter
Cat trying to scare puppy
My cat's favorite place to sleep is the altar... I always can find him there...
Excuse me sir but could I have a lift, looks like you have plenty of room in the back
My dog has a beef with our ironing board.
Cat being jerk to a puppy
She hates being brushed....that side eye tho!
Greedy Meerkat Eats All the Grapes
My old man pug won't even let my buddy get near him lol
Tonight I had a 2 minute long standoff with my dog over the window blinds being closed.
I guess I should've seen that coming.
...that’s... one way to get someone out of the way
pick on someone your own size!
My cat seemed to enjoy watching the torment
The derpy face of an ice cream thief
If I fits... (x-post from r/aww)
Woman on Facebook Warns Locals About a Terrorist Turkey
Shocking: Australian overlord hunting innocent canine
Poor Squirrel can't enjoy a moment of peace
I went to get a glass of water
Incoming!
My other cat doesn't understand why he takes my slipper when speakerphone is on.
My cat steals my shoe whenever speakerphone is on.
"this duck is driving me crazy"
Mind not Taking Up the Entire Bed?
My cat steals my slipper anytime speakerphone is on.
Huge lizard.. r-r-right guys?
What's this new toy?
Little sh*t loves the new indoor plants
At least I USED toilet paper this time
Giraffe being a jerk at the Oakland Zoo. [OC]
Just checking
Rude Cow
Having a crabby day
That’s a lot of patriotism in one picture
Let me use your head as a diving board
Welocme home!
Ball check
Fast boi recovering from surgery gets kicked off bed by jerk cat.
Let them eat cake...?
The pandas lolled around on the stage in front of their adoring audience
Bird learns an important life lesson
Excuse me! Just sniffing! I wasn't going to push it over!
Pictures Of Rhinoceroses
When I have a migraine and he wants a walk
Asshole goat.
I'd like to imagine that the white one is called Steve. Fucking Steve, man.
Just in: Conures are jerks. (Xpost r/parrots)
My dog is always looking guilty af when I come home. Whether he did anything or not. He's a sweetie anyways.
Woke up to no internet. Thanks Winston.
Cat cosplay
Wonder who did it..
Hamsters at the pet store trying to impress
Dog wants to play
The horse gave a warning kick...
Wheee
Dogs running on the beach
Look both ways before crossing the street.
Please let her asleep doggie haha
Parrot Is a Sarcastic Jerk
I'LL SAVE YOU STEVE!
Dolphins teaching games (x-post r/unexpected)
Wait for it
Cat farts on dog
I see your cat drinking from your glass, and I raise you my cat drinking the parsley plant's water.
"Ouch...Ouch...Ouch..."
Someone decided to get the front row seat while the movie was in the best scene
Let's steal the food you are chewing and eat it on your own face.
The lengths she will go to not drink from her own water bowl
Back off, sister
He stole the dogs bed.
Couldn't find my cat
Thirsty AF
she likes to dry her feet on the sheets after she played in water
When your cats use the clothes rail as a climbing frame whilst you're at work and leave you this disaster to clean up.
Cannonball!
All i wanted to do was read my new issue of Weird NJ in bed and then this jerk needed attention.......
Just playing with Blanca when all of a sudden...
No...homework is over!
Shelter Takes Dogs Out For Starbucks
Don't tell mom I slept on the bed!!
A Short Story
Squeegee loves eating the remote but it's okay because she's cute
Get out of my yard.
Not a single care in the world.
My dog Winston trying to pull off my sock🙄
My jerk of a dog doesn't clean up after himself. I almost fell down the stairs.
Here is my lovely hound dog Nora. As you can see, she truly adores the expensive new bed she got from her loving owners.
Aaaand our special guest today
These jerks in the road not moooving over.
Hmmm that's a nice new car you have there. Let me dent the hood. (xpost /r/Roadcam)
Nah, Ill stay here...
This spider still blocks the whole path even though at least three faces destroyed the web over the last few days...
Monkey things
When accidentally turned on the front camera
When he gets tired of her shit..
Trashectomy
nsfw (because it's me calling my cat a d**khead)
Most philosophical take on jerk behavior.
Who ate all the takeout sauce?
The Destroyer(s) of couch
Fly cannibalism!
The best pillow
You'll need this!
Gimme those toes
Get out of my way!
Don't worry I took car of the scary alligator
my parents new puppy and kitten seem to be getting along
She only bites when she's provoked.
You Can't Steal My Fruit Without These Loops
So much for buying her a dog bed
Some People Might Want To Get Through
I’m trying to study. The pencil and book are now hers.
Easy meal
The feets destroyer
Sitting on my notes just because they’re on the table, she even has a binder ring poking into her...
Charles is excited about the new puppy
This is mine now!
The destroyer of pillows
Mine! Mine! Mine!
When you lied on your resume about having previous sheepdog experience...
"This internet thing looks stupid"
Seagull says "That's my lunch!"
Get outta my way Pussies!
Bully
Stink eye
Frida posing next to her work on the wall décor
Oh sorry, were you using this wheelbarrow? My bad
When shit hits the fan
This big male lion started roaring and barking at me and my girlfriends 4 year old nephew.
Walked into our bedroom to this jerk
"Am I making you uncomfortable?"
Squirrel steals the show at the Louisville vs Kent game
JerCat
My dog isn't allowed on the couch. When I sit on the couch she just sits there and gives me a dirty look, making me feel guilty.
Old shōji
My brother saw this on BBC News
That's a bad monkey!
Finders Keepers
The perfect crime
HEY! It's MY apple!
Damn son, you have humans for that
Let me help you clear this paperwork (cross post from r/gifs)
Man Overboard!
"I'm not touching it!"
Your free little bird!
Every day
Learning to fly
not so fast
Well, shit
Finish Him!
Dog just to happened to pee on my hat
Bad Kitty
Big sister is too good to sleep on the rug so she lays on little sister instead. Little sister is snoozing
My demon cat found my red lipstick
Rejected by Bun
He loves my feet...and gets very jealous when my hand gets too close.
Monkey rips a car's washer jet
Stomping in the mud is not enough
Nah, Bruh (x-post /r/gifs)
Asshole Doesn't Like Fidget Spinner
I'm helping!
Pigeons being jerks
Magpie a.k.a. MagBat
Start making the bed when he jumps up and decides he wants attention
Bird Attack
This is mine now
come and get the treat boy!
Good mattress
Don't touch me
Jerk deer just stands there and does nothing to help
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse (Parody) - Blowing Bubbles - Cartoon Movie for Kids 2018
I work night shifts motherfucker!
Pawt
Shut up, bitch!
When the ground isn't good enough
She got attacked by a duck and the neighbors managed to get some pictures
If she doesn't get to pick whichever bowl she wants, and she doesn't get to start eating before him, she pouts
This seagull doesn't give a fuck
Toilet Paper Party!
Sibling Rivalry
Why do cats hate things being on surfaces?
He thinks it's funny to ruin my mat, then hide under it so he doesn't get in trouble. I'm on to him though
MINE!
This is why you should never trust spiders
Aaaaaand POUNCE
I wasnt just destroying your carpet!
Doggo shit posting
"What? I improved them."
Did not take into account the dimensions of his dog
Enough of this handstand crap
Monkey vs Malabar giant squirrel
Kitten bullies a frog that screams
((S t e a l ))
Llama doesn't like the brand new camera.
Too slow
Never, ever, turn your back to a Llama.
Chachi wont let me finish the crossword puzzle
Screw your decorations
I am not your mom
Tesla likes to pick Jackson's hind legs up and spin him around. (x-post from /r/gifs)
Made my cat Lego, a thing.
My dog doesn't comply
I hate to get wet!
This dog that is tired of waiting.
Crows bullying a little Australian possum on a busy road, human steps in.
You've heard of the old woman in the shoe
Fish are more similar to us than you think.
Starting a career as a professional footballer
I'll just sit here.
Told you. My bed.
She's as much of a jerk as she is cute.
My beds.
Angry swan arrested by UK Police
Dog jumps stops football match all by himself
Goose attack
Only a jerk won't let you drink in your own house
No touch da mousey!
I poop where I want!
No peace! My doggo deserves a medal for putting up with him.
My 16 yo cat sat on my sister's face
You shall not lie on THE BED
Naughty one
Peek-a-boo
Get off my bed!
Dog disapproves of dance moves
Tesla likes to pick Jackson's hind legs up and spin him around
That Crab is Pissed!
I'll just use her as a climbing wall whenever I feel like it...
Dude has numb feet. Brutal Chihuahua chews his toe off while he sleeps. TWICE!
Squirrel stealing a phone at my university
Can you just give me one minute.....
No one is safe.
Bunny despises your food bowl
Went to Scotland and this happened in front of our car.
Move bitch, get out the way
I gonna eat ya
To shreds you say?
My cat decided that I wasn't allowed to use -his- box as a makeshift laptop table to watch the football. Such insolence.
Mine?
Hey,hey! You see that in the snow? Gotcha!
I want to play toooo
You dare invade my privacy?
Immediately after packing up my laptop to head home.
Behold Finn, the devourer of mail!
Hey moms, did you need the couch ripped up?
Surprise Attack
So much for using placemats for dinner.
Animal being jerks mix
Dog disapproves of yoga form
*pounce*
I lol'ed
Elephant Safari
You dirty rat bastard!
Do yoga with your dog they said...
My dog sabotaging a perfectly nice picture
Ice Cream MkII [XPost /r/pics and /r/PerfectTiming]
Girl trying to take a picture of her ice cream
Pig Attacking Bulldog (X-post /r/PigGifs)
he really doesn't like her
Guess who just pooped in the bath as soon as I put him in, then shredded his poop and smiled at me like a little jackass?
Patience is not infinite
Toll Troll
At least you can't step on it...
Vicious Pitbull Attacks Owner
He's an asshole
Blueberry Thief!
Look at me smile
"Oye mate, lookey here. Aye me talkin to ya, you fokkin poes"
I wore my new boots today. Looks like someone's a fan
Do not feed the monkeys
Can I eat him ??
Are you trying to get us killed?!?!
Fuck your camera.
Look at me. I'm the dog now
How my cat abuses me
Bossy dog
During our nightly teeth brushing ritual with the kittens, Sam tries to hog all the toothpaste.
Squirrel nails chipmunk
Life Pro Tip: Always check your pillows
Say cheese!
Getting head-butted by a giraffe
I've watched for the past hour as my cat has slowly fallen down the couch.. my dog still has not moved, however
Is it okay if I rest my balls here for a minute?
Ready..set..go..
Hungry heron and a buzzard
Oh you wanna wash your motorcycle? I don't think so
I disown you.
"This is mine now!"
I guess the dog won't be having her dog toys tonight
I guess he has not perfected the Yoga techniques yet.
Pissed off Bull shows off his strength
I guess i'm sleeping on the floor tonight.
Elephant blocks traffic in Thailand
There are better places to sit, bro!
A toast to geckos !
second roll of toilet paper in one day.
My gf was sick. This guy is "helping."
Not trying to earn a degree or anything..
There are better places to sit, bro.
Bull and car
This love/hate relationship.
Cat becomes bull
Fuck you cat
We'd all be better off if we fought our fights with our butts.
Big dog dreams, small dog legs
Trying to do fold laundry with my cat.
Flappy Snack Attack
A mouse and a snail enjoying a snack together
If he fits, he sits. Board game be damned.
When you do not want to share a delicious
Bully boar
Not even enough decency to keep muddy paws off the couch.
My Border Terrier being judgmental.
jerk rooster
Dad penguin tired of a bully picking on his kid
smooth criminal
Bandit is not a fan of the new mop
Don't Fuck With Eagles
Bitch didn't even let him finish
There he is ladies and gentlemen... Proudly sitting amidst his work of art.
I think I just interrupted my birds talking shit about me.
Dog is not a fan of this food
Wait for it..
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaTTACK!
Budgies don't like kitchens either
Puppy Pool Party
Attack on Titan!
Magnetic keyboard VS cat who hates being ignored.
Wild Boar Gives No Fucks...
You Shall Not Pass
My older dog is a patient girl and my puppy is a jerk.
Dammit Klaus, I'm Just trying to watch Netflix over here!
Sit. Good Dog.
Shell didn't see THAT coming - revenge of the sea
While momma gets jumped babies get picked off.
Get off my wave hoomun.
I just want my potato
He also pooped on my puzzle
Winston trying to prove he's the alpha cat (they live on different floors now...)
surprise unexpected
My asshole cat not letting me study
When Pig thinks he's a Pit
Come here kitty
After hurricane in texas this man spent all the time rescuing dogs.
Get the heck out of my pond
Mouthful of fur...
Get the heck out of my pond
No, no writey
Why can't I be an only child?
This jerk kept screaming at me and trying to bite me, even after I removed the fishing lure from his foot.
It's MY birthday!
The star of my parents' Nest cam met his end today
Kaka scares friend for a laugh
"Welcome home, master. I've left you some gifts."
Where you goin'?
Meet our Golden Retriever Sam, Two Years Cancer Free
Turtle Trash
I have never seen a more hateful dog in my life.
How do I like my new toy? Glad you asked
Come here you little flying peace of shit
A brutal rejection.
Running away from commitment
Terminator Dog
Snitch
This is my golfball.
I will just sit here, on this rope toy.
Laundry thieves
He doesn't want my love
Hey that's MY toy!
"Who's Boss!"
Stopping mom to get some milk
Cockatoo doesn't like the owner laughing
What are you doing here?
My broccoli, MINE
piper the peasant is pissed shes being used as a footrest
How to dodge a wild boar
Don't you hate it when your roommate steals your food?
"You're my bird rest now."
Because I Can
Biting kitten gets banished from the deck
You can lead a horse to water
Master of destruction (and nesting)
Oh you were sleeping.. fuck you
Just Catspreading Here
I know it's old, but still hilarious... lol
If I fits I sits
Tag, you're it
Cat parkour in the house
"Get your own tuft of grass, brah."
All right let me just deliver this package an..OH MY GOD
Was shooting a headshot photography session and this little charmer stole my client's spotlight
When all your pets are picture-perfect and you take the camera out.
Never bogart Waffles' nip.
Get Outta my Pond!
"And?"
I call this piece "pls pay attention to me"
Crocodile attacks unsuspecting bird (xpost r/unexpected)
PLAY WITH ME FLABBY
Bunny: You think that's a cookie, but it's actually NACHOS!
DIS MINE NOW
Lina has always been a bit of a bad girl, today she was caught in the act of showing her booty to other cats
"Stop picking on me! It's because I'm different, isn't it?!"
Asshole cat on steroids (x-post /r/HoldMyCatnip)
Mine? Mine?
When you think it's true love but he's just in it for the treats.
Don't fuck with kitty
Theif level: 100
Turtle orgy
"I'll show them!"
My kitten successfully steals my Twinkie
Cat and the dog playing with the snow
Finders keepers!!
Who you barkin' at?
Duck offended by it's friend bathing
Can't get the puppy without the puppy teeth
Get outta heee
That is my toy!
Most comfortable place at home
Just why
No one has fun on his watch
Mailman delivering into an organic paper shredder
hens raising other animal babies
Moral police
This is elephantaa..
"Oops"
YOU'RE NEXT...Neighbours cat always appears randomly, pointing menacingly at me
The bloody camera is worth $350, glad it still works.
A$$hole Monkey!!
Don't leave me human.
"Prepare for spoiled food human!"
My GF's cat eating ice cream and not sharing any with her boxer
Keep your eyes on the ball... (xpost /r/aww)
Time is up!
I need that sun spot
I said NO!
Bad dog! Very bad dog!
“Ill just sit here”
"I'm a florist now"
I just want to relax and do my damn puzzle!
This boxer was mean mugging me the ENTIRE time I was getting gas.
"Put down that camera and feed me this instant!"
I can't believe you've done this!
Is he angry? He seems angry.
Long Live the King
Wow, it's the good stuff!
Train station baby seagull eating passengers
I just went on a hiking trip and this chipmunk kept trying to drink out of everyone's water bottles. We were right next to a waterfall and …
I can't believe you've done this
This cat is sick of her dancing.
Bihgest animal living in earth must watch
Lemme get some of dat
Kitty is hungry
HE ATTACK! but don't you love him?
Cat thief. (X-post /r/madlads)
Brotherly love
"No, that toy is mine now."
A thief in broad daylight
Just wanted to relax and get some sun...
Art critic
From a friend's Facebook: "Buster somehow closed the bathroom door on himself while we were out for dinner. He then proceeded to try to dig…
I've crushed it. It is mine.
Nope, it wasnt me!!
Let me use you as my chew toy, cat.
Sabotaged then taunted after race.
My new IPad case Vs my 2 cats : Guess who won?
Rat causes highway accident
No, you can't read the newspaper.
You have two choices. 1) You leave me alone. 2) A N G E R Y
I only said hello to it
When your pals just give you shit...
Fuck Off.
Get Off
Zoe VS Benny 1st round.
Just trying to fix my back.
Caption this.
I said the clothes can wait!
Rude cat jumps on coyotes face
Guess I'm not doing laundry today!
Screw this guy!
Miss Kitty's in a mood this morning
He had the options. Somehow it is always the carpet.
Poor cat....
The pup who can't be moved
Ok, guess I'm done (repost, original deleted)
Bad kitties, Bad kitties... Whatcha gonna do?
Somebody is jealous
My rescue kitten does not like kisses from mum.
People think geese are bad? Try this swan.
Kitten being a jerk
Big dog sits on little dog (If she fits, she sits!!!)
Who wanted to eat cake anyway?
Just trying to enjoy breakfast...
Every single morning in my house...
Ill-tempered black cat brings claws to a head-butting contest.
Never trust a cat
Bodercollie/Shepherd mix brutally attacks a Dachshund/Chihuahua mix about to safely enjoy a fair weather swim.
Really dude! Come on!!
Can I? No. No. No... No! Shit.
Jerkness on another level
Better idea...you DON'T work.
"Please don't eat your friend."
No respect for rules at all.
Lil' Elephant Dance
That is not ok.
This Birb won't leave this woman's breasts or her shirt alone!
"Let me help!"
No regard for the law
Zoe likes to pick on her big brother.
Elephant hits guy with its tail.
Well, I guess I'm done.... (x-post from r/cats)
It wasn't me
Hang in there kitty, I will rescue you!
I've been tearing my hair out looking everywhere for the cat I'm babysitting 🙈
Cat versus phone security
Pop! Goes the Gizzy!
He does this way too much
My dog has worn off the paint off the car door from doing window sniffs
"I help" - pupper
These two cats don't follow directions.
Hanging challenge kitten
This isn't me, and I'm glad.
Get off my spot!
My outdoor cats can't get enough food. Think I figured out why.
That's MY blanket!
Drinking my water
In Zaire
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo
Always choose the box
Tackling drills
Where all the bird food goes...
Photobomb (x-post r/aww)
Nice photobomb
"You're not you when you're hungry"
Boo
Gotta spill the water
We're Tired Of Running, So Screw You
I leave him alone for some hours and...
THAT'S THE LAST STRAW
Eat it !
Cat ignores the dude trying to save him
Bison being a jerk
Vacuum with four legs
Bork Off.
Got your tail
When jerks collide
I actually don't need your help sucker! HAHA! - Cat
Take this back... (X-post r/BetterEveryLoop)
Within 30 minutes of arriving, the new cat has staked claim to the old cat's #1 favorite spot in the whole house.
Man Gets Bamboozled Several Times.
Cat Vs toilet paper roll
Fearless Hawk tries to steal drone
This is my ball now
I said no teeth, err...beak!
[ Flood Victim]When it's all fine everyone adores love me but when it's bad only few is thinking about me
"Relax, all your problems will be over soon..."
When somebody prevents sleep in the morning
"How dare you eat my food without my permission?!"
There can only be one birthday dog
Bunny steals cracker from a baby
Catitude...
Golden Lab vs Yoga Girl
Why would it even do this (x-post /r/StartledCats )
Gopher Fight Club
Crime scene
Dropping bombs
A clean killer
Our big dog hiked his leg and peed on our little dog.
Come on BUDDY, gimmy a sip o' that DRANK!
Well, let me the idiot who learned you about water
Help! Help! I'm stuck in a well!
Ice Cream Thief
This cat decided to maul my leg whilst ordering pizza in Paris, owner says that's how you know he likes you...
My Dog Just being himself
This dog likes to watch me smoke cigarettes in my backyard
I feed her and then she does this shit.
take the bait and run
Can You Not
.... Not like I was using that or anything
Speechless!.....Just Hahahahaha
Technically, I'm not on the table.
Saw this online and thought these cats fit right in here...
Thirsty kitty makes a splash
Douchecat vs solo cup
kiss me, feed me!
Let me out.....
Tourist learns a lesson with elephants
Dog spelled backwards is...
It's ok I didn't want the instructions anyways
"Oh, so you think homework is more important than me? I think not."- Waffles
forget that thing
Being strangled by a Barbary Macaque which also has a face on it's anus
Karma...
Ridgeback Knocks Down Cat
Parakeet ruins social gathering
Figueroa
I See You Are Writing A Essay, Have Fun With That
Lovin' Might Do Us Good
How to take a pic 2 seconds too late, the fourth guy ruined it.
Being strangled by a Barbary Macaque on the Rock of Gibraltar
Found these cuties gathering at the window frame
She took his seat
Wrastlin
Wait for it... (x-post from r/funny)
"That's some nice stuff you got there. It would be a shame if it were to fall to the ground..."
Bad Kitty
A cat just walked into our house, went upstairs and got into the bed. Guess we have to move away now
Squirrel needs a sugar fix
When someone has been invading your space for over a year
Animal fight
Animal show gone wrong...
Animal show gone wrong...
Every single night...
Rescuing a cat
My Grandma's Pug likes to Head Butt my Pit Bull's Ass because Why Not
Say that again!
STOP STARING AT MY BUTT!
Gotcha Bitch! -Doggo Chappelle
No, no laptop for you!
He's not allowed on the counter...or on the clean laundry
Get off the table!
Two face cat
Bird doesn't let dog play with ball
A Rescued Dog Saves A 7-Year-Old Girl From Rattlesnake, Gets Bitten Thrice!
Snapped these Terrapins riding a mighty hippo bull in Kruger National Park close to Satara Rest Camp Site.
Dog wants to play and won't leave cat alone, lol (Animal Voice Over)
Can I have my top back?
Can I have my top back?
This Dog Has Incredible Skillset
Shark vs boat
Goat headbutts
Rude
Sit down kid
Penguin trying to sunbathe
And stay down!
Brave sheep dogs 1st day on job
No. 👏 More. 👏 Tents. 👏
Shark deflates boat
He stole the baby's travel changing pad
When ur tryna have a nice walk but ur bf is controlling af
Our new cat Poobah has been revealing his true nature to us
Our new cat has been showing his true nature recently
Stop showing off
Yum
If I can't play with it no one can! (xpost r/gifs)
no
% of cats own 99% of best seats
Meet Frank
Today our dog figured out the camera....
Wake up!
At least it was graceful
Enough is enough
I'll just take this and put it over here.
Racoon trying to feed the whole family
Brotherly love
Excited puppy
Share with the other dog? Where?
nom
If someone gets in your way, JUST WALK OVER THEM.
Back up off my bagel, bro
Thanks for laying down on the stuff I just folded
Look...a boat!
Oh, you needed this battery?
He takes what he wants
Ezreal does not allow his humans to use their laundry basket. He gives no f's about your dirty clothes.
That's a pretty nice stick you've got there, neighbor... [OC]
Dog went missing for a year
NO FOOD FOR YOU!
*yawn*... "oh a battery!"
I sure am glad I caffeinated before getting dressed this morning. Almost missed this guy suspended in my bra. (Do spiders being jerks count…
Bird doesn't like the friend's owner
Young boy catches angry 10ft snake after taunting it
Checkmate
Monkey slaps the shit out of lioness that roars at him
We had to wait for the farmer to come and retrieve his cows... got to love England!
Out of my way losers
Mountain Biker Gets Drilled by a Buck
When you go to leave the house and reach for the light switch but something doesn't feel right
Instant regret
I'm used to it...
Umm rude!
Apparently this is what I get for putting the cat on a diet...
Monkey don't give a damn
Apparently our cat thought this was a real doughnut
The horse, so beautiful...so majestic...
Roast him
When you try to get a good view of the eclipse.
Rude Cat! In your face!
The Endless Joys of Working from Home
Fish attack
Happy dog
Sweet dreams buddy
When you yawn and your homie decides to be a jerk
Smack that visitor 😂😂
Leave me alone you two-legged freak!
You are MINE!
No shoe unturned in this house
A fence? What fence?
Rollover crash
What my Beagle does when we aren't home
I don't think you are passing through my stairs...
Love you. ASSHOLE. Love you.
This chair is mine now.
Doggo tries to do a drown
Barn owl being a bit of a dick to an ospray
A monkey biting and slapping a lion.
This fish is mine!
Monkey acts like annoying younger sibling to chihuahua
Major mess maker but we love him nevertheless
I didn't hear you coming in...
No selfies
“We’ve tried to take this picture 100 times”
The tables have turned, usually the white one does jerk stuff.
MRW my ex is in my lab and he tries to be productive
When you fake throw the ball one too many times.
Sometimes my cat likes to pop open the top and enjoy watching the local wildlife.
Cat steals dog's bed
This seagull ruining my Mum's holiday photo.
This monkey doesn't give a fuck
Morning cat
Did you do this?
"If you're going to eat me you might as well get a better drink"
Box Bully
Always straight to the nostril.
Budgies gone mad
What have you done?
I don't need to outrun the wolves, I just need to outrun you. (x-post r/nononono)
I Guess Max Is Ready To Start Shaving
Glad YOU found them comfy.
Smug af
This is MY water now!
Some food went missing...
Asshole buffalo
Doggo don't like ducko
Bison sacrifices weaker bison to wolves to save his own ass
My moms cat is an asshole
I was wondering why my succulents were dying...
"PAY ATTENTION TO ME!" - Meet the World's Most Annoying Little Sister
At least he has a life vest on...
Sharing the Wheel
He is very pleased with what he's done to my new wallpaper
Willow destroyed Maggie's bed. Sorry, not sorry.
Golden fed up with tricks
He doesn't even look slightly remorseful
I found the little bugger months later, that look says it all
Hi frens, did you brush your teeth today ?
Elephant Gone Crazy!!
Chicken caught sleeping on the job. His workers report is not going to be eggcellent.
Man unwillingly shagged by rare parrot. Always remember consent guys!
We have you surrounded! Come on out!
Chihuahua being boss
This is What I Think of Your Sweater!
I'm good. I'll just sit on her.
My cat just couldn't resist, could she?
th century cat leaves paw prints on owner's manuscript
This is MY bed
You Shall Not Pass
A sketchy looking package was delivered. Thank you pup for protecting us.
Goose vs. Pachyderm
This is the day we decided to put our sweet pup into doggie daycare.
Hungry Hungry Hippo
Chicken Fights off Corgi Dog with Duck's Help
Y u do this?? (ʘᗩʘ')
Could you not?
Touch my cock again I'm gonna duck you up.
Yes I will take one. Oh and this is mine now
We all have bad days every now and then
I do it because I can. Now catch me if you can.
Reading time...
Umm could you not?
DeathCat stares THRU you!
Because fuck your books
So my cat pees on stuff so I have to put tin foil down to keep her away- um... yea... that's not working
My female love birds waits till my male love bird is asleep and then sits on him all night
Gets sit on but makes friend
Dog commits a car jacking
The caption says it all
A hawk attached my brother's drone...
A cat using loose sugar as cat litter in a supermarket
Lizard Licking Toothbrush
Asserting his dominance.
Patience is not infinite
MINE! ALL MINE!
My cat begging to go outside right after I let her back in
Group of bears take down bird feeder
**BEST photo bomb EVER!
Don't have a cow, but....Miss Betsy needed a warm place to sleep for the night...
Fly bitch!! Xp /birdsbeingdicks
Cloud island? My dogs prefer cloud sea...
All cats know this as: 'the best time to bite someone in the face.'
Kids left the chips on the dining room table last night. Heard a crash and came downstairs to this.
Kid punched by kangaroo
My dog before and after being told he's a good boy...
UHH let me think what im gonna buy today
That one time my Dane tried to convince me she was on cloud island and didn't destroy her bed
Kid Gets Too Close To A Kangaroo and Emu
Mine
The dog knows what he did, and he's proud of himself
Squirrel caught stealing toilet paper from Alberta campground
Rattlesnake is chasing my customers away
Catsassination attempt
Looks like dogs are jerks to their siblings as well
this baby goat keeps jumping on this things head
Go Inside? I think not!
* nibble nibble *
Cat being a jerk to sheep
This is MY wheel!
Bunny bunt
"Can I have some?" [X-post from /r/funny]
We shited and then used some toilet peper as you did. Thanks kitties
Tons of money on cat condos and beds and they do this.
Don't even think about taking my worm
If you go I go
"Long live the King"
She's avoiding eye contact.
Boy sees Kangaroo up close
A dog bullied by a bunch of ducks
Literally EVERY time I go to draw. Takes it right out of my hand
Every time I take my parent's dog out for a walk ....
Cat decides to attack leg
Dog riding a horse.
The crew is all here
"What? The baby can sleep on the couch tonight, I don't wanna move"
My doorstep, go away!
L8r S8r.
Evil-looking cat staredown
Dog disgusted by adorable baby
'Giant sea gull' photobombs TV weather report
Someone murdered our puzzle in the middle of the night and left only a single clue behind...
Cat crashes into baseball match
VERY evil dog
Stealing the Baby's Sock
That smug look, she knows exactly what she's doing!
The Tortoise and the Jerk
Stealing a dog's meal
My grape! No, my grape! No, Mine!
Every god damn morning
Stretchy jerk.
The Destroyer
Bird watch
I guess we'll just be hot then.
new toy? watch out cat !
2 over grown maggots being jerks on my counter 😣
I feel for you bro...
I just want to chew my toy
Monkey Business
Squirrel sparks hydro-pole fire, ruins 82,000 litres of milk
My cat started a game of Clue without asking me.
MINE!
My seat!
"Hey human, I don't remember giving you permission to read my book."
He just wanted to show his new brother his very first new toy.
All these toys but this is what you chew on
Tag! You're it!
Gliding along the aquarium walls
Umm...no
Always going for the ears!
Just can't bear him
My dickhead bulldog
I swear I saw a bird in here...
Dogs Never Lie about Love
Come on dude.
But, I wanna watch the birdz too
You don't have to be afraid to eat the spaghetti
My cat enjoying her new bed
First day, she gets here and makes a mess
You mess with me?
Cat pillow
This looks like the easiest path to take
Damn these dudes pulled up in them.
We brought our dog with us to play tennis... really should've known better
Penguin bitch slap
Little gray whale loves when him stroked
The moment before the cat attacked me!
"Hey, wanna hear the most annoying sound in the world?"
I guess Bruce is the king. Sorry, Chase...
Cat Rejected For Being ‘Too Ugly’ Is Saved By 7 Year-Old Girl.
Got my cat a new heated kitty bed. He's a jerk.
Larry Bird
Surprise Mutha F***ka
My daughter spotted this jerk at the local fairgrounds.
Get down Mr. President
Apparently, I’m just highlighting a specific part of my carpet for no reason really.
This is what Louie has to put up with on a regular basis
He is guarding the rafts!
Let me taste
Giraffe steals woman's food
Get down Mr. President
The Maned Wolf (Chrysocyon brachyurus) is the largest canid of South America. Its markings resemble those of foxes, but it is not a fox, no…
Cat being a jerk
Elephant vs Goose
These Fishes
Bitch, Get Off It's my Turn!
Two's company, three's a crowd.
This isn't my first leash burn.
Hey, cool house. This is mine now.
My dog has a rather disgusting talent
This guy disappears for 6 days and then looks at me like I'm the asshole.
F*cking Monkeys....
"This is mine now"
Say hi to the floor.
He likes to annoy him by licking his tongue!
Winged assailants unsuccessful grab and run
A half dozen of cars have been damaged in the neighbourhood. Today, I found the guy....
Weird potato
These ducks mooning us at the gardens
Smacker gets smacked
One cat chatters and the other attacks her tail
You sat in my spot.
I thought these things were supposed to bounce.
Guess if he can't have it, nobody else can either
Great Dane steals horse's stuffed animal
Poolside assassination
Only dog gets itched
Not allowed to leave to clean the bathroom apparently
My puppy decided to help clean
My cat found it's favourite place
This is my bed now.
Usually, I don’t get up at 5 o’clock unless there is a bear driving a car down the street
Sea Lion bites all the things
Think Fast!
Elephant and Goose have a show of dominance
"What do you mean you just mopped?"
Nothing like a relaxing soak
Octopus riding an eel
'Swing at me?.. Here, I piss in your general direction!' [OC]
I'm a lover not a figther!!
Black Beauty finds a friend
All animals, including nieces, can be jerks
Dog Getting Chased by a Young Deer
Squirrel monkey
Ants can be real jerks.
Her life flashed before her eyes at that moment
"I did not agree to this bed switch."-Dog
I said GOOOat already!
Poor sloth just wanted to enjoy his carrot in peace (crossposted from r/therewasanattempt)
What'd you say to me, bitch?!
This little guy was taking orders at Starbucks today - hold onto your latte
Let me help you with this jump
This is my bowl!
Dogs training for the NFL
Dogs want lady to know what sand tastes like.
I'll enjoy this nice carrot (X-post /r/therewasanattempt)
Smile for the camera
Monkey stealing from a sloth.
what is the deal..
His revenge will be gruesome and slow
“MAAAAAAAAHHHMMM!! He’s biting me again!!”
Sloth gets his food stolen
Timmy
Getting Shit On
Lemme just have a seat right here
Raging Central Washington blaze started by a cat
Bitch, I told you to be quiet!
Bear opens car door and gets inside
Nervous moose stomps the life out of a remote control bush hog.
I think he does it on purpose to get brushed
Unsuspecting dog attacked by vicious cat
Honey came in and she cat me red-handed
My cat is a dick.
So close, yet so far..
This is mine now
Fuck you for no particular reason!
I still love him....
I hate you! Good bye, Forever!
I think the picture is fairly self-explanatory
Cat in a box
It's my cookie, you can't have it.
That's how I feel about boys too, Muffin...
"Why won't you play with me!?"
No no no no, i like it that way
So i hear ya hate water
Seagull photobomb.
Husky dog Vs Medication
Got a second cat, they seem to be getting along great..
"Dude! It's my cuddle time. Go away.."
*BOOPS*
Don't study, pet me!!!
I just wanted a nice photo... She wasn't having it. 😾
These Monkeys
What's going on right meow?
Goat the fuck out of here
My stupid Cat will find anyway to get outside!
Wondered what was eating my tomatoes so set up a game camera and caught "Jack" in the act.
Did you need the rest of your puzzle? Didn't think so
Fuck your prints
I said no pictures!
"Cage me again motherfucker" Episode II
He doesn't enjoy just any cardboard box, only boxes which contained £40 cat towers for him to ignore...
Chug disappointed with arrival of new German Shepherd puppy
PHOTOBOMB!
"That's enough, little one."
It's his birthday, and I've just spent £40 on a cat tower for him...
I've just spent £40 on a cat tower for him...
Couldn't figure out how my pup was getting past the gate so I set up my GoPro...
Bear Squared - A second "real" bear appears on top of the Hickory House in Aspen, CO.
Cage me again motherfucker
Yeah just crawl over my head. No worries.
Cat Sets Off House Alarm
Butterfly breaking the rules.
Do you mind if I sit here?
Hold on a second
Taking over a hamster wheel already being used
"There, go post it on Instagram"
"Boo!"
Hamster wheel steal
Well, I guess this is my life now.
Dog humor is brutal (x-post r/funny)
Ah yes, my butt sits perfectly on your water cup
LET ME SING YOU THE SONG OF MY PEOPLE
I think I witnessed a Reenactment of The Lion King today.
For over two years this has been my favorite picture of both my dog and my girlfriend
Gorilla playing with his son
I'm just gonna lay right here
Every time I want to throw out a box he decides to do this...every. time
Hamster doesn't like sharing.
Id say the kitten is adjusting well
Screw Your TV
Random acts of sheep. (x-post from r/therewasanattempt)
Helo really didn't give a sh*t about FaceTiming my sister.
Cow am i supposed to pass?
Bullseye!
Family Dispute
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!!
Our cats thought these eggs would taste better on the floor
No matter how many toys we buy him he still steals our children's...
Look at my lovely dog...
Oh you were working on a puzzle?
Get out of my box!
My dog Squid either hates water or really loves it
My dog met my SO for the first time
Stairway? Denied!
Family picture! - Oh wait, you little bastard
Family Photo With The Snake
Piggy said bad pit, no bacon!
a monkey biting my face
Cat intercepts a fry
Dogberg wants to slip n slide too!
Tennis player meets his match
Some birds just wants to see the world burn
Dog eats wedding cake on morning of couple's big day - BBC News
Cat is tired of this toddler
Bedtime? Nah. (X-post /r/aww)
Post Woman has a new enemy
I just got caught licking the skillet, 2 minutes later I find this... You're not impressed?
They keep staring at me!!
Gotcha!
Hamsters can be jerks as well
At least the used the crosswalk
Slip N' Slide Tackle
Don't Let The Cat Keep You Down
My cat hates me
"...And don't come back."
Oh, I don't want to come in. I just wanted you to open the door.
"Hey! I'm trying to chew here!"
The cows were so disrespectful someone reported them to the police.
Burying his bone in the couch so he can eat his brothers bone, and save his for later.
Ungrateful Cat
Elephant doesn't like younh elephants
Interrupting chill time.
Bear Attacks Bird Feeder
Pissing off a pair of dogs
Teaching a little munchkin how to play fetch.
You want to live, you are not so rash!
Watch fish disappear
squirrel wrangles peacock
Doggo drops slip-n-slide participant
Shark thinks kayaker is bait
Fisherman's unexpected visitor
Secure your hubcaps in the park
Oooh a piece of candy...
Cat starves owner to death!
Cat Vs Balloon...
Stay down
Don't think my dog approved of me watching a buddys lab.
This is my bed!
Bunny being a jerk by not letting the dog to sleep on his bed.
No, you can't have a treat
Dog Wants Attention
Elephant seals are dicks to cars.
I wonder if she found what she was looking for...
horse kicks the stuffed pony
Cannonball!
Everytime I go on the balcony, I swear hes right there everytime
Dog takes tent by force and taunts ‘owners.’
"That's MY chair!"
I live on the third floor of a brick building
A stealth takedown [x-post r/ChildrenFallingOver]
Red Panda brutally attacks the Police
Peacock broke into my local coffee shop and pooped on the tables
Aww, he's such a good bo--... oh
Pushups are bad for you apperantly
NO! Not a litterbox!
Some Crows just want to watch the world burn
What the hell, I'm just fishing!
Lie down, where you belong
Day 3 of training. He'd rather go hungry than entertain me
Little smart ass
Don't turn your back on a zebra
My friend's new bunny doesn't want your shit
Elephant steals a GoPro
a monkey grabbing my face
Cat tries to drown dog
A day has passed, and it seems she has lost hope of re-gaining her bed
When your security webcam alerts you to motion and captures this image...
Bear forces 200 sheep to commit suicide
Penguins are assholes.
The first impression is crucial
Have you seen Ted?
Kitty in the Lego City
"What type of dog is this?"
Get Out My Way Puny Dog
Sven decided to lay back and watch as I try to get him to exercise 😂
"Walking" the Dog
My turkeys getting ready to attack a chihuahua
You want close up? I will give you close up
"That's OUR bed!"
Lucie the sheepdog gets far too hot in the Midwestern summers, so her human, Amy Powell brought home a kiddie pool for her to cool down in.…
=O_O=
Can I itch my ass on your car?
Kookaburra just wants lorikeets to leave it alone
That time my dachshund met a cockatoo...
"Take that, fur face!"
There's a huge downside to going top and tail.
Gimme back my toy.
Crow Steals From Wallaby
Stool pigeon parrot rats on murderess.
I wonder who chewed up my glasses
Swan doesn't take kindly to management
So what you're saying is no petting?
Don't be a pussy
All the treats are mine, back off.
MOVE!
My new kitten is a little shit
Shark lures dog out to deeper water.
Tastes like chicken
Giraffe Fight
Aww yiss
Goats...
Get off my bed!
Someone decided that the comfy spot on the bed was over my neck.
Happy birthday, now gimme your balloons! (X-post /r/aww)
Dimitri don't give a FUK. E V E R.
Instant Karma
camel back kick a lamb
Looks like what is mine is also hers, I guess.
Just driving by a cow
Little girl being tripped by a cat
Two Jerks
Squirrel ruins the food for everyone else.
Brothers at the zoo.
I was wondering why my strawberries were struggling
MOOOOOO Motherfucker!
a very unsupportive pet
"I just wanted to play"
What's in the box?!
Finish Him!
Girlfriends dog cockblocks me every time we have sex
Everybody plays nice but the fucking duck
My sister's dog jumped the gate and then tried to dig herself back under
Penguin Smack Down
Snuggles with dad
Our cats used to hate each other...and now they pull shit like this.
Are you fucking serious, Jim?
Hey bud! (xpost from /r/StartledCats)
This antelope is savage
Came Home To Find My Cat Like This
This dog knew what he was doing
We had a new bed...had...
"I only destroyed ONE of the doors"
I see your overly attached dog...and show you one hungry cat
Goat smashes in two glass doors of a company office in Colorado
I see your dog...and show you sunshine (cat's name)
"What a comfy pillow!"
I'm more important than you wedding human
"No, I'm not standing on anyone."
The cat doesn't approve that answer
Overly attached dog makes a hole in the door
Meet the only brown panda in the world - Qizai
Renowned jerk Artie and friends avoiding the puppy. :(
Reddit watching person watching people watching dogs watching kittens in a basket in a basket in a basket
I guess I'll just let myself in.
Which one ripped out all the stuffing of the new toy?
Dog Best Friends That Can't Be Sep...
cmon dog.
Orangutan ghost annoys buddy
x-post from /r/trashpandas "What the shit dude!"
The dog must be a blader
gorilla throwing bombs.
Elephant gone jerky
There is always some ass holding up traffic
Flipper Flashes Nature Photographer
Watch out we're coming through!
When you're halfway through an intense Sims binge and your cat decides this is the PERFECT place to sleep
"Well this is just slanderous!" (x/post r/animalsbeingderps)
Snow Attack
You have to stay 10' feet away from the wild ponies on Assateague, even if they steal your spot.
Cat makes for a comfy seat
Homewrecker
If a tiger can't eat you, it'll still fuck up your day.
get your own window
the weirdest sister!! 😺
My cat's favorite activity is hiding behind the shower curtain to sneak-attack the dog
"Hey, it's a lie. I ain't like that!".
poke
Cat bites friend while playing.
Getting rid of the turtle
Horse doesnt want to jump
Baby cougar doesn't like baby lion
Police pigeons taking a bath
"Look! One for each of us"
I have a freaking king size bed and he found the perfect spot to sleep... over my clean pants.
The only two moods of my cat.
GTFO, you fake horse!
"Moooom, he's taking my bed again!"
Fick your cups.
Phony Pony
Giraffe Spoils Special Moment
These new static shock mats you picked up are neat.....
My dog with a new mud crayon he made, patiently waiting for me to begin walking down the trail so he can color in the back of my pants
Jerk dog lightens his load.
Workout interrupted by kitty
"Smile for the camera, gram-gram!"
"It's really difficult, when you get tough competitors!"
Cat has had enough of his annoying little brother
Only trophy I had
Stupid damned sign!
Oh, home from work? Let me just find something to roll in before going inside...
Tiger gets a golden shower.
No Stretches Until You Feed Me
Cat Trips Up Toddler
Romantic Spot
I'll take that
Wasps are the worst - needless to say they got really pissed when I turned on the light and I got stung while tracking down the stupid nest
Jerk woodpecker photobombs feeder cam, takes over feeder for himself
"I'm just gonna lick you".
This Dog Showing Everybody Up.
oh, you're giving out belly rubs?
"Here they come..."
the ultimate power play
Every single time I need to pee or drink. Every. Single. Time.
Dog Steals Towel
Artie found a comfy spot by the fire.
Hitting a guy while he's doing his business? That's just wrong.
I was just giving her brother some belly rubs when all of the sudden...
Good luck restringing that.
Let me get that chair, human
Enough of this fruit shit it's time to eat some human
Bald eagle steals a GoPro
You want to go for a bike ride, not today mate (x-post r/aww)
Huskies do not share.
"Yeah bro? You wanna fight me bro? Yeah?"
He wasn't even in the cows way.
One hell of a swing
This piggy is a little jerk
I always told her she had a rats nest.
Canadian fisherman killed by whale after rescuing it from a net
Dolphin humping
Haha tricked you sucka!
My Dad's 145LB mutt running over my 10 week old puppy. That look on her face...
Wanting to flush your sibling down the toilet
Jerk seems harsh, we shall call her innovative.
Out of Nowhere!
Tickle, tic...
Shark attack
That raft looks big enough for two
Beagle Puppy
Kitten Boops Dog's Nose
No fucks were given
No-nonsense kangaroo. [x-post from /r/crikey]
Crow provokes cat fight ... and then referees it
Dog pretending to be a shark tries to drown human
She was giving out food a little too slowly for this goat
Someone is sick of selfies.
Only one can remain
That one friend who refuses to share
You didn't want to read this, did you?
Squirt!
Howard the Cat and Lucy working through their opinions while Scout continues to be a good girl
Lvl99 jerk
Shiba drowning a man..
Fuck your mail
Dog brutally tramples kid to score in baseball (xpost r/childrenfallingover)
They'll tell you when you're done
Get off my spot!
I've had enough of you
Frenchie has had enough of his houseguest
She looks like a grumpy backpack. This was after we rescued HER from being attacked by DUCKS. Not impressed.
A pack of dogs ripping apart a parked car at night
When a normal game turns into fight.
Every time I stay with my girlfriend and she goes to shower her cat lays on my chest and gives me this fucking look
Is it mine now!
Here's what I think of your selfie, mom!
SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP!
"Hi mommy, I thought you weren't coming back, so.."
The new puppy asserted dominance
You weren't going to use this anyways
Screw you. I get my own stikk!
I'll be taking that...
Swiper no swiping
Dog helps a thot's thirst
Why he's so mean ?
Spare Tires Are Delicious
We Have a Very Bad Dog
Monkey steals drink bottle, calls on his (pri)mate for back up
With the devil in his eyes and hate in his heart, he stole my lemonade
I don't want to drink, I want to swim!
They have a weird relationship.
Tried taking a picture of my dogs new haircut
Guess who ate this shoe
'Must Have Three-Putted' - credit to Douglas Croft
Mean Gorilla
Cat doesn't care if you're famous. Still doesn't want kisses.
Hey human, this house 'aint big enough for both of us!
This tiger did NOT want to be woken up!
Great Dane sits anywhere he wants.
My dog is so warm and considerate, he literally pisses hearts
Traffic dog jerk.
The second before being pummelled by a kitten.
Drone footage of swan attacking sheep
This kitten don't mess around
Thank you for the seat, Dad
Swan doesn't like the sign apparently
Saw this little guy in the news for being a jerk
Bear gets some midnight snack cravings
"No Kevin! Your alcoholism is destroying this family!" —Cat
It's basically just a cat dexterity test
Miss steal yo water...
Dog showing no mercy [x-post from /r/Dogberg]
What the Fu....., OH it's you! gimmeeee a hug.
This bird gives zero fucks about making my cat lose her tiny mind
Bird gives zero fucks about making my cat lose her tiny mind
Moose being a jerk
Naughty Penguin of the Month
Kid, you thought
That is MY food
Having a bad dream
Bird wants to know if turtles can fly
Take that society
Sleeping human? More like a seat
Dog invades the Orchestra live stage
The Circle of Life
We put a towel on the suitcase so the cat wouldn’t sleep on it. Didn’t deter her.
When you eat snacks with your boyfriend.
The cat got trapped.
Turtles can be jerks.
Heron tries to nab a duckling at the Lost Lagoon (x-post /r/vancouver)
No piggyback ride for you!
Cat Attack
Happy cat. Not so happy locust.
Dad, have you seen my phone?
Chimps being assholes
Cows photobombing
Goin' sledding, huh? NOT TODAY, KID.
Mara's not a fan of my (only mildly irritating) poinsettia, it seems
Cat hits sleeping dog
Louie putting up with little brother Dibs.
Kitty cat sending his owner's water bill up
Look...a boat!
Mara's not a fan of my poinsettia, it seems
Dead ants inside my house. The poison bottle said they'd go back to their nest and die... can't help but think they died here as a final re…
Fed the monkey, gave it some love, and it bit me. I am still going to try to make friends with any monkey I meet....
I guess my table is a cat bed now.
When your little sister is annoying you [OC]
Tiger wakes up mate (x-post r/instant_regret)
Unusual situation..
Tormenting The Dog
Got me a nice glass of milk. Turned around to close the kitchen door. Come back to this.
Monkey See, Monkey Slap
Where ever I go in this house my cat try's to block where I'm going and get him to notice me by sprawling out in the middle of the freaking…
That fish ain't big enough for me human
He jumped at her like 2 seconds later, then bolted before she could react
Trash Panda hitching a ride
Snap cat
Sheep attacks shepherd
Pigeon thinks it can just show up without reserving a court time
Purrkour off hooman
Hawaiian Lemurs
I'll just take that.
No pets allowed
A crab stealing a beer.
Elephant joins the marathon in Africa
Mine!
White wash
Just get him off me man
Player 3 has joined
Don't mess with lemurs man...
Hungry Hungry Ostrich
Hungry Ostrich digging in the kid's popcorn bag
The Vienna Chamber Orchestra gives a live performance in the picturesque ancient city of Ephesus in Turkey
Peacock chasing a chicken
https://yourfriendshouse.com/news/a-fox-has-been-pissing-in-the-bureau-of-meteorologys-rain-gauge/
Who loves kitty? YOU DO MOTHERFUCKER!
Just Canada things...
Fuck you right now, in particular.
Cheetah is lucky there is a fence
Wrong place at the wrong time.
My bum is on your side/Bum is on your side/Look at me my bum is on your side
Who are you calling cute?
Don't make me have to separate you two again!
Dog wouldn't do this
Nothing beats the childhood joy of jumping into a pile of leaves...
Oh Shi!
Hey wait....don't give shiba anything
Happy birthday to the GROUND
THIS IS MY FOOD
Rat stealing food from fish
"Charge!"
"They Probably Won't Even Notice."
Does anyone know how to teach a cat to flush?
Won't let me leave
I'll pretend like she was trying to help me study..
He always needs to be the center of attention
Birds won't let a squirrel have lunch.
Seal gets serious air time after being launched out of water by Transient Orca.
Squirrels ambushing Squirrels
Cat tries to deny dog a treat, instant regret ensues
"Hey, I need hugs too"
"Can we get rid of him?"
My cat does not approve of this magnet
When doggo comes walking in at panorama pic -_-
Chipmunk Kung fu!
It's mine I tell you!!!
2017 flew by so quickly
FREE HUGS!!! well never mind.
This spider is equal parts jerk and genius
Rebel.
So you want to see nature up close?
Oh, was this your spot?
"I'm just gonna lay down here" x-post from /r/aww
I'm sorry, were you going to drink this? I didn't think so.
Mother dosen't really care
Stay out of my territory!
Monitor lizard playing, will it kill the snake?
Girlfriends cat ruins her photo
Bird kicking a bird
This butterfly kicking his friend off a flower
MOVE, BITCH!
Squirrel eats all of my herbs and tomatoes and then finds me at pool for an "I own you" stare
"Seriously dude?"
Imma sit here. Thanks.
My cat tore a hole in the bottom of my parents box springs. Now he uses it as a hammock when I come to visit. Sorry mom
 ducks arguing over a bathtub
this is SPARTA...
If it fits, I sits
Playing with balls
Baby hippo uses spine of a crocodile as a chewing toy
Bird gang violence
Fetch PvP
I gave my cat only dry food, instead of the usual wet+dry food combo.
Unfaithful
Attempting to feed our local trash pandas
How Dfor (dog) sleeps on the bed.
I got your tail
Whip Lash
Won't share
Cheeky little guy stole the twizzler right out of the bag.
Boop
Kitty be gone
I'll take that
Rough Doggy
Today on my ring doorbell: Mailman's Vendetta vs a Wasp (x-post from /r/funny)
drinks? nah i sits
"This is my bed now."
Got your nose
Put. Down. The. Remote.
Laser birds attack
This rescue bird can party
Cleaning out the house to move and my dog does not agree with the "charity pile"
I have the high ground, Anakin
I couldn't care less of your stupid human toys
When a couple of monkeys were up to no good
This almost feels human
Won't even give him a chance (x-post r/aww)
Every time we do a puzzle or play a board game, Babou must sit on it.
He thought something smelled funny
Life as a shepherd
You weren't gonna eat that anyway, right?
Down low? Too slow!
Bald Eagle steals meal (X-post from r/Gifs
Watch out!
Down low? Too slow!
Who the hell said you can be on this bed?
*YOINK* is mine now
Can you not pull my feathers off? (xpost r/thisismylifenow)
You were so close
Unprovoked
Shittiest playmate ever.
Mustard is why nothing grows in my window boxes. And he doesn't give a sh$t.
Just doing cute lion stuffs
Can I just lie here without you bugging me?
Cats booping.
DIE MOTHERF**KER
I like snow! Do you like snow? Here's some snow!
I like snow! Do you like snow? Here's some snow!
Take a closer look, sucker!!
Chasing tail
My legs are now covered in scratches.
Let's Fight
Cat dunk
One of the biggest obstacles ever jumped.
Headbutting Giraffe
He took the dogs favorite toy and his bed.
Just walking my human
She doesn't like to be disturbed while she's hunting birds through a window
YOU. SHALL. NOT. PASS.
For Valentine's Day, this site lets you tweet a pic of your ex and watch a printer feed it directly into a shredder. Shreds become litter f…
I didn't realize birds were such jerks. NSFW
Trying to take pictures of his new kitten eating and his other cat wasn't having it
Monkey pees on motorcycle and that is just the beginning.
this guy
Lazy Dog for Lazy people.
Bird attacks drone
Kitty Hazzard
Street Fight
Holding on
Prince annoying the King
He only likes to sit here when im trying to play videogames...no other time
Hmm.. I wonder which dog decided to dump my pots over?
Wild Giraffe
Down you go (x-post from r/Dogberg)
Cat terrorizes other cat
Guy encounters a kangaroo at night. (Loud)
Kangaroo stomps on baby wombat in Copenhagen Zoo
Selfie with a horse
What's the 5 fingers in your face?
Little kitty challenges lioness:)
You couldn't do this somewhere else?
Antelopes are such dicks
Rabid Fox getting thrown after attacking man in Maine
Your friendly neighborhood pigeon-cats
THIS IS SPARTA
Headbutt
Monkey vs Indian Giant Squirrel
This ant is a jerk
Cat ambush
Ant he a jerk?! (NSFW Lang)
Little guy is going all in.
Fox attacks man, gets hurled
Turkey Terrorists
Cat Thinks He's the King (x-post from /r/catslaps)
Cat vs. Sheep
Baby lion meets model
Ant Sacrifice
No touching doggo!
Lion cub pees on his human
You seem like a nice little kitty
Baby lion cub meets model
CAt doesn't have an itchy spot
I do what I want!
Doggo does a heckin good chomp
Oops
Squirrel stole my dog's new toy within 2 hours of purchase!
Animals Can Be Jerks Compilation!
Skateboarding Dog, Lesson 1...
Chimps always have to be throwing something
Power hungry monkey cares for no one.
What the hell are you looking at?
Parrot Cusses Out Owner
Oops!
Tripping the baby!
We put a towel on the suitcase so the cat wouldn’t sleep on it. Didn’t deter her.
Fantastic.. 😒
A boop too far.
Birdfather sends his regards
Sexual Harassment
"Don't Mind if I Do"
Cat revisits a woman that saved him as a baby
My cat is not a morning person.
"Run, run, run, run, runaway"
If you look closely, you can see a squirrel stealing the food from the birds in the zoo exhibit.
That escalated quickly !
Life Is A Beach
They Don't Seem To Get Along Well
Fleeing the scene of the crime
What a little shit
This smug little turd
Alone in the world is a little CatDog
Elephants don't make good pets.
Every Time!
Gorilla playing with his son
Guinea pig trying to get some tail
How dare you lie on my carpet?
I'm not sure who's the bigger jerk. The seat hog or the "I'll just sit here because it's 95 degrees" dog?
Just when we thought they'd finally just lay down together .... nope
What did I do to deserve this? [x-post from r/corgi]
Raccoon Thieves
Seal Steal
So I found out the cows have moved back into the field where we go walkies.
"I've had enough of this"
I'm not saying that my dog should respect the cat a little bit more, but....
There's only room for one on this boogie board
Disneyland guests smeared by massive dump of geese droppings
I will NOT be challenged this way by a little, um, thing!
This little jerk..
Fearlessly trolling the king of the jungle
Bobcat doesn't give a shit about fidget spinners
No. He's chewing all the netting..
No! Not yet ...but soon, very soon.
Psyche!
That's not very nice, bad duck
Dog wants his seat back
"Get out of the way!"
"oh good, you're home. So, there's something wrong with this door..."
Nip.. and run away. Good tactic!
Weee.. *P
"If you're gonna go, just go... I don't want you here anyway." - Galapagos Sea lion
Unappreciative mother goose
This monkey's a jerk.
Pandas disrupting lady's work.
GOAT ain't no gold digger
You look like you threw up Hoo Man and you touch me? EAT PAW
Move bitch! Get outta way!
Best Friends Forever
"Say Cheese!" "Fuck off, Eleanor."
Don't fuck with sheep
Sitting on your pup sibling
Peacock casually destroys $500 worth of alcohol
White (not yellow!) lab always knows when it's raining, finds mud immediatly
You have goat to be kidding me
Muffin trying to keep blueberry out.
Mission "Aborted"
Little Boy scared from a goat when...
Kiwi Prank
Cat paw to the face
Get out
Dog vs Science (from r/videos)
even capybaras have their limits
Goat using a sheep as a trampoline
He who smelt it, dealt it.
Seagull steals a GoPro
Bengal cat pouncing on Boxer puppy
Penguins fight over stick
You're going to come out of that hole even if I have to drag you out.
Sister birb doing him a pooper.
Hedgehog jerk
"That's my water bowl you clean freak"
The look on her face
I guess I'm not doing a puzzle tonight after all
Get that shit out my face
Donkey's unending love
Ostrich ain't playin
Hey, I was saving that!
Get outta here, ya little punk
I'm trying to lose weight!
Total jerk
Friend goes Spearfishing in Key West. 8ft shark goes human nibbling
Sloths can be real jerks
Fresh meat from the farm
Pupper teabags the cat
That's one way to get the ball
Cat Says No To Overwatch
Gimme the cat food!😱😂
My inspiring fashion designer doggo, Happy, created a limited edition of "summer uggs" today. Thanks Happy.
Making sure dad isn't looking
Dogs wanted to enjoy their loot of garbage in the house. It just wouldn't fit through the doggy door.
Well that escalated quickly
"Let's try that Schrodinger shit!"
Classic far side
Dog pranks cat and runs away with no shame whatsoever.
I guess it's time to talk to my cat about her changing body.
No exercise. Only cuddles.
Elephant likes the color blue
Excuse me... just passing through... oh you were sleeping? *paw in face* [X-post r/aww]
Mynah takes a pooper on a train seat
Fished out
"Look at you, all fancy with that dog sweater!"
Eagle steals food from coyote
Can i poo in peace???
Doggo does not appreciate kisses.
Baby robin asserts it's dominance right after pooping on my wall
Horse playing with her hair
Dog eat dog world
Get out of my way...
Killer Whales Harass a Blue Whale
Shit and Run
"Because I can"
*Hop* *Hop*

